THE ULTIMATE FREQUENCY
======================

Based on a dream had on March 2, 2015 All rights reserved Â© 2016 Ian
Derrington

### *Note to reader: This is a draft. If you have any suggestions or comments, please let me know! I'd love to hear from you *

Prelude
=======

***Ours is a song of the future. It is a song of the past. May it be one
where life begets death and death begets life in a connections changing
for eternity. We are the results that have not yet halted. Our
simulation will continue. Hear our story.***

PART 1: Emergence

Chapter 1. Callum
=================

***If it can be imagined, the future already exists. \-- A. Seer***

**The white abyss**

"Look Chiana!"

A tear spread in the clouds that danced in the distance. Dark blues
rested beneath the rolling turbulence of white and grey cumulonimbic
upwellings. The sunset brushed moving pinks onto the clouds,
highlighting the turmoil. The boy's finger fired an invisible line
pointing to the origin of action. The arrow radiated to the the gash
just as it quickly healed. The clouds resumed their perfect cover of the
planet below.

Two sets of eyes locked their gaze on the distant turmoil. Nothing
changed. The blanket of clouds maintained their perfect seal. The tear
returned.

"There it is aga..!"

Wind bandited the thin air that flew between them. It scrambled any
vo-calls between them as it ployed to steal the heat from their bodies.
Their hybridic skin suits protected them. The girl turned to read his
lips through the gusts. Additional words did not come. His focus
burrowed into the clouds.

Their legs dangled into the troposphere below. A bioadaptic support-
beam strutted outwards from the body of Ararat and provided them with
their airy seat. Opposite from the direction of their outward gazes,
patterns of black, brown and silver laced along Ararat's skin, and
revealed the fusion of carbonic metals and engineered hybrid-life. At
the end of the bioadaptic beam, six cables radiated outwards and wove
with others into a hexagonal lattice. The pattern connected other
support beams networking around the Isle. A thicker seventh cable strung
upwards from the beam's terminus. The thick cable worked with others to
puppet stability into their tethered orbit. The black lines evaporated
into the distances of space.

Chiana's glance towards the hybrid lingered. Without his hood Callum's
skin gorged with veins of off-coloring blues as his flesh slowly
reconfigured around a mod he had installed near his ear. It was worse
than usual. Callum had recently increased the frequency of self installs
of enhancing upgrades. He had not adapted his wetware to the continual
auto-modding of his body.

Chiana's gaze returned to the depths below. The clouds sealed the
planet's surface in murky whites. 12.213 seconds later, the gust of high
atmosphere disappeared. The thin air would, once again, weakly deliver
their voices.

"Did you see it, Chiana?" A calculated volume tamed the elation in his
voice. In their airy perch, they were safe from external recording.
Unlike many other locations, recording devices were not threaded into
the construction material here. Callum had ensured that there would be
no insectals nearby. He had issued a series of maintenance orders that
would not seem extraordinary, and the finger sized insectals moved out
of their earshot. The two seemed safe from unwanted surveillance. Callum
was sure of it. He had tested their privacy.

In their previous visits, he had seeded their conversations with
information that would quickly and easily be used against him. The
information hadn't come back to harm him. Even in their rare privacy,
they moved their mouths and lips differently than the words that they
spoke. Visual recordings could extract words from the motion of their
lips. Every word between the two was their own.

Their habitual safeguards did nothing as they looked below. Only the
abyss returned their gaze.

"Yes." She nodded. She had seen it. Her focus on the clouds below
increased its intensity. In a reflexive flash she let go of the beam and
gripped his arm. Another deep blue rift emerged from the clouds.

Callum's autoresponse engaged his lidar. It returned the distance to
him. *Thirty point two Kilometers.* Time passed both in an instant and
an eternity, as a cut rapidly healed itself, resealing the unbroken skin
of the clouds. From the horizon clouds burgeoning towards the upper
atmosphere. With their dancing shadows the the rising pillows colored
the pinkening whites with tumultuous greys and blues. The sun seemed to
bury itself under the clouds, almost as though it could join in the fate
of the planet below them. The planet was dead, and the clouds provided
its burial shroud. At least until the surface of planet was no longer
too toxic to function. Every future simulation showed that it could take
tens of thousands of years, even after the clouds would begin to show
the planet's surface. Chiana and Callum had witnessed a future
unpredicted in the communal forecasts.

His blue eyes, augmented with fractal structures of photon receptors
that absorbed more light, looked upwards to Chiana. From her neck to her
face faint shadows of scars traced her nerves like lightning branching
within a cloud. Observer functions reported to Callum that the scars had
grown larger over the recent time. *Her nerve-connects have become
stronger*. His perspective allowed him to see more her face. Chiana's
fingers secured her balance from the greed of gravity's pull. Just as
she would do while sitting at the edge of the jumping cliff in the
tropical biome, her legs swayed with a gentle security. Below them now
was far from a pond fed by a waterfall. Callum's insight modules did not
trigger at the strain of Chiana's knuckles as they betrayed her
portrayed confidence. He did not see Chiana's fear. A breeze whipped her
multicolored hair across her face and concealed her expression. The
extension of her silence revealed her awe. With another upwelling, her
hair shifted. Falling across the scars upwards on Chiana's face, tracing
branched lightning from her neck. Time had grown them. *The
dermal-connectors must be strong*. Callum archived the memory. She
turned to him. Her facial language said just as much as the visually
encrypted words that she spoke.

"You've seen this before?"

"I've only seen the rifts in the clouds with moderate transparency in
800 nanom freqs. . *The infrareds, as it was once called.* Never in the
400 nanoms \#\#S." His lips shaped words that were different than his
voCals. Callum's sights met with Chiana's as the sunlight softened the
sides of their faces with evening oranges. He sat quite tall. Beams of
excitement and bolts of pride helped to subtly architect the upright
posture that he carried..

Chiana did not respond with a voCal. Instead, an apology glided from the
visual voice in her eyes. "I didn't believe you. You're always such a
joker!"

Callum's cheeks lightened with understanding. Chiana hadn't believed him
when he first mentioned the cloud's opening to her. She continued with a
question, "And nobody knows?"

Without an appreciation of the question's rhetorics, the boy answered.
"I don't know if they would have told us if it had even cleared
completely. And I'll be fract if I tell anyone else. I'm a nanosec away
from getting refmatted and if I mentioned this to the wrong\... "

Chiana moved her hand and squeezed his shoulder, interrupting him. "Look
another one!" They glimpsed at a disappearing rift in the cloud that was
fainter than the previous one.

The direct neural interface of Callum's Aura reverberated inside
perceptics.

*AuraCall: Maintenance hyb 38df858\#\# ordered to assemble . Priority
one arrival time. You have 600 seconds. *

Temporality returned to Callum with the momentum of life. It's speed
carried the mass of reality back to Callum at the same time it always
did. The worst time. The summons occurred earlier than scheduled,
scrambling his plans.

*AuraObs: Decision activation setpoints becoming uncertain.* Callumn
ignored the automatic observation.The system observation from his Aura
further arrested Callum's progress to go through with a curious desire.
A desire to tell Chiana the known truths of his calculated futures.

Before he could say anything, predictive future modules shouted harsh
reminders at him. Getting back inside without triggering an unauthorized
alarm always took at least 100 secs without rushing. Going too fast was
not worth the risk. Going exceptionally slowly did not substantially
minimize the risk. Missing a duty summons might cause a cascade of
investigations into his whereabouts. Fears of becoming irreparably
fractured faintly threaded into his perception subfunctions.

Observation modules reported some cloud-ash on his uniform. Callum
swiped gently to brush it off. Instead, the flecks smeared into the
suit's hybridized fabric. *Fract.* Callum raised his head.
Dermal-circuits tattooed patterns into the silicollagen fibers that
constructed Callum's face. Their interlacing complexity of colors were
not so dense that they obscured meaning from his expression. As he
looked at Chiana, tension lined the semi synth muscles of his jaw. He
wanted to tell her something important.

Chiana interpreted the micro expressions. "Duty calls?"

Delayed acceptance moved him to his feet after 500.532
milliseconds."Yeah. I have to get there before they reload us. If I
don't get there, I'll get even more rap points, I'm only a few away
from\..." He winced as he imagined the terminal consequences of his
continued unintentional disobedience.

*AuraObs: Operating optimism subfunctions at 100%.*

"I'm not going to get in trouble for any more infractions." *I'll be
gone before it gets that bad. The clouds will be my silver lining.* A
miniscule dilation of his eyes undercut the certainty in his words and
his thoughts. *I hope.*

With a gentle quickness, he rested his hand on her shoulder. He felt the
pressure transfer with the surface of the hybridic-fabric suit. A faint
trickle of dopamine released from his cranial neurons. It relaxed Callum
to get a sense of Chiana's bioacoustics. Chiana countered the pressure
and remained stationary, absorbing the rare touch. Callum cashed the
memory for protected storage.

"I'll be out in three sleep cycles." The micro expressions in their
faces confirmed that they would meet again. "Later gator." He bounded
towards the airlock.

Chianas eyes followed Callum's steps he ran on the narrow beam. It was
easy for Callum to balance across the support truss. Chiana's genetic
enhancements didn't provide her the same confidence when she crossed the
truss.

"Later gator." Chiana echoed. It was too late for Callum to hear the
words. The upper-atmospheric tempest gushed into a temporary climax. As
a slight curve rose across her lips she looked into her memories to
understand his departing salutation. Chiana hadn't heard the phrase. It
probably originated from antiquity. Callum's penchant for ancient and
inefficient idioms was a notable waste of memory. Still, it was fun.

Across the airy platform, the hybrid partially entered the small portal
as he pushed through the tessellated weaves of structural roots.

She shouted into the air, "Stay connected, Callum!" The wind stole her
words. Her faint voice barely survived to reach the boy. He looked back
at her and smiled and then turned to fully enter the airlock. It closed.
Inaudible gasps of air pressurized the chamber.

Needling star light now fully blanketed the sky above. Chiana looked
away from the Body of Ararat and allowed her eyes to adjust.

**Duty Calls**

Inside the confining boundaries of the air lock, the atmosphere
compressed and triggered biologic pressure equalization. His ears
popped. It took 4.98 sec for the sterilization systems to initiate.
Agitation shaded his emotions.

*Damn, these systems are inefficient AF.* *I should rewrite the
initiation algos and adapt the pump couples to...* He stopped. He had
nearly constructed a complete modification procedure. Instead, he
fragged the schematics. *No.That would be detected. I'd get fract even
faster.* He continued to wait. For no logical reason, his foot twitched
in a distracting control pattern. It marked 100-millisecond intervals.
He noticed the twitch after 37 twitches. He calmed his anxious movement.
*This is taking too long.* With painful precision, his internal atomic
time pinged the colossal number of attosecs that remained for his
summons.

*343.6537325382963673256 \...255, \...254, \...253 \... seconds *

*I'm not going to get there.* Optimism diverted his focus to plan the
best possible route. He visualized each step, and every hand placement
that he would take. He evaluated probable variations in his actions
should his race to his assembly be interrupted by plausible futures.
Internal simulations suggested that he could make it in time. Though
just barely.

*AuraCall: Sterilization complete. Recycle worksuit as per procedure.*

The voice permeated his mind. Next to him, the recycling deposit slid
open. His hybrid and multiplexed immune systems would take care of any
internal contaminations. His suit needed to be replaced. Closet lights
intensified to reveal a single monochrome service suit, suspended by its
magnetic attachment. A nanoscopically thin film of bio-fabricated
graphene kept it safe from his quarantine until he was stripped and
externally decontaminated.

He looked at the single suit. *Fract!* The direction of his thoughts
could be seen in the tensed folds of his face. He checked the cycling
schedules. *Replacement suits won't be here for hrs. Chiana will need
one to get to her assignment. Shizna...* He exhaled at the conflicting
options. A few possibilities for rapid departure tagged his thoughts as
he probed his systemic memories. Constraint optimization modules kicked
in support to find the best possible solutions.

*I got it.*

While combing with the non-visual frequencies that he accessed, the Aura
fused with his mind. He danced fingers on both of his hands to play with
a motion interface. The two-fold security procedure ensured that only
physical beings could modify the control code. With a final gesture of
each of his wrists, he initiated non-scheduled repair protocols.

*That'll do. *

He stripped. Patterns of inked arabesques mostly camouflaged the
patchwork of modifications that patterned his skin. He bundled the suit
into his fist. With one motion he shoved the clothing ball in and out of
the recycling hole. The door closed and the cleaning sequence initiated.
He closed his eyes as sterilization light filled the room. His unsterile
suit dangled from his hands, revealing the smear of the cloud ash.

*Sterilization completed.*

His stained but now steril suite slid quickly along his contours as it
re-adapted its form to his body. He waited another 25.403\... secs
before the door opened. The windy tunnel lightly pushed against his
sprint. He reached the ladder and climbed, passing a ventilation portals
at 5.1 m. After 29.6 m, he stopped. He leaned to the side and pushed
himself through a grid-covering. He entered the room on his knees.
Supply bins surrounded his hidden passage in the unlit and nearly
isothermal room. Only faint outlines of the supplies revealed the
corners of the supply stocks.

*Init and engage lidar and sonar.* The reflections of light and sound
guided his steps to the exit. With a swipe, he wavekeyed the release
codes to the stockroom door. It opened into a cluttered hallway. The
passage entrance was masked by shelves and bins filled with abandoned
servos, pumps, and a miscellanea of metallo-plastics, c-wire and other
materials awaiting their reincarnation as functional elements of the
Isle.

From his position, the corridor extended 301.1 ems to its terminus. The
walls were obscured by a motley of junk, beds, and hybrids. A few filled
their sleeping bunks. A few milled about to satisfy a vestigial need for
movement. Most of the hybs were clustered in tight circles. They were
connecting in the their expanding frequency worlds. But everyone was
either waiting for their duty summons or recovering from it.

Their living space crammed the cohort together for maximum efficiency.
The high density helped to "create unity within," because "the best way
to perfection is offering connection with others." At least that is what
mind-numbing mantras echoed from the the chorus of Auras that coupled to
each of their neo cortexes. One thousand times a day, every day. Callum
didn't perceive those announcements anymore. He knew he heard them,
however. They flipped the same memory bits of his communal mind. He
erased the loaded memory, every day.

Tension increased in his muscles. The taught strain nudged above the
thresholds of his autonomic perception. He ignored the indicators. The
boy moved to the corridor's primary exit, toeing over and around the
resting bodies that hadn't found a bunk. Unless they moved, their bodies
did not look like they could be living. Their dormant limbs splayed
across each others' bodies and limbs, often at contorted angles that
would trigger uncomfort. But they did not feel their limbs. As they
completely projected their essence state in the nonphysical domain. The
physical discomfort did not matter to them. Their comfort mattered only
in their Freqworlds. *I have to get out of here.*

His progress was slower than he had estimated it would be. Still,
Callum's swift stealth carried him without troubles around the pile of
over-projecting bodies to the corridor's exit. A scanner recognized his
ident and confirmed his summons. The door in front of him opened to a
rounded corridor. The hurried movement of hybrids seemed lifeless as
they moved programmatically to complete their various assignments.

His internal atomic time iterated closer to tardiness.

*\...78.44457337730079323, \...322, ...321, \...320, \...secs*

Callum projected himself into the future.

*If I increase my speed by 11.2%, I can make it in time with some
tolerance for unknowns. *

The threat of additional marks against his name quickened his steps to a
solid run. He crossed others' hurried paths, twice evoking yelps of
surprise. With each encounter, Callum's scores in the social market took
a hit. Launching his legs in front of the other, he maintained his rapid
pace. Holding onto an exposed pipe, he turned his momentum around a
corner of the hexagonal intersection. Time blurred past him as he
approached the assembly chamber. The entrance was in sight, and the door
was open. The simulated trajectories gave him good odds. There was at
least 90% probability that he would arrive, and he would arrive early.

*\...56.3104999593343032, \...031, ... 030, ...029, ... secs*

Accelerating to a full sprint, Callum neared the final intersection. A
quick cut avoided a collision with shorter and less noticeable
mecha-hyb. It chirped for an explanation. The boy ignored the ping. The
next obstacles he couldn't avoid. Two Shepherds deftly hulked into the
intersection. Instinct shouted amplified electronerve pulses to the
necessary muscle groups working to save Callum from the coming
collision. Their barrier came too fast for his momentum to change
course.

"Umph-ugh".

The impact snatched air from his lungs. The boy ricocheted between their
finely tuned bodies. He fell to the ground. Their masses barely budged.
The larger Shepherd on the right bent down to pick him up with one arm.
He barely strained lifting Callum's mass. The Shepherd set the the boy
on his feet, but continued holding him.

In a reproaching ping, the grey-eyed shepherd on the left wirelessly
identified his authority hash and token keys. He spoke with voCals.
"Slow your motion, Callum. You already know that running in shared areas
is disallowed unless authorized. This will be noted in your file."
Before he finished the sentence the shepherd had accessed the
infraction-reports, and added the incident in his rap-score. Vo-call
language was an element of their ancestral identities, but it was
exceptionally inefficient. They continued to use it only for only one
potentially logical reason: backwards compatibility. The Shepherd
received null-reprimand instructions and relayed it to Callum. The boy
was free to go.

Callum's atomic clock waterfalled towards a pool of zeros.

*\...32.311184484050979, \...978, ... 977, \...976, ... secs*

Taking his best effort to show dutiful remorse, Callum dryly replied,
"Apologies, kind Shepherd." *Of course, if you had looked before
crossing you wouldn't have been hit. Nullfreqs.*

They shared private frequencies. "Leave now. Be warned, you are close to
a reprogramming. Do not test us."

Out of fake propriety, he responded with vo-calls, "Yes, honorable
Shepherds." A calculated coldness of disdain shaded the tone of his
voice.

*Get Fract. *

"May our paths may cross again." The irony of the proprietal departing
salutation seared Callum's frustration. The shepherd released his firm
grip on his shoulders, and turned away to resume their patrol.

*... 18.005984977009, \...008, \...007, \...006,* *\...*

His mind rolled with worry. He returned to a very brisk walk, towards
the assembly. No matter what he did, he was always in trouble. Such
inevitability encouraged Callum to not worry closely about following the
law. At times, he envied how everyone could so easily follow the rules.
Out of ease, habit, fear or stupidity. Other times, such obedience
frustrated him. These traits made him a danger to himself and a danger
to Ararat.

He continued in a muted haste, trying to avoid further cumulation of
another minor infraction. If he kept pushing it, his scores would used
against him in a trial that would assuredly result in the reprogramming
of his identity.

*\...3.2479485759373901, \...900, ...899, \...898, \... seconds*

Callum was 10 meters away as his Aura echoed.

*AuraCall: Maintenance crew assembly time has passed. *

The assembly door began to close.

*AuraCall: Those not accounted for\...*

Callum bolted to his maximum speed. He had tapped the non-visual freqs,
quickly composed a delay routine.

*Command: push and execute auto-diagnostic procedure \#\#\#\#.*

AuraCall: *will be...*

The door's closure slowed by 75%. His quadriceps strained under the
limits of their composition as they carried Callum to the door. He
shifted his angle to slide through their closing width. It snapped shut
around the air trailing his body.

*AuraCall: \...reported. *

His iaclock clicked his arrival at -1.532003984884 secs. The door's
controller sent the diagnosis report to him.

*AuraCall: No faults in door assembly*.

Heavy breathing stole his composure as he stood noticeably out of order
in the back line. Not one of his cohort needed to look to identify the
late arrival. Without identity pings everyone knew that only Callum
would arrive late for summons. Flash notifications chimed in his mind.
His social score was decaying exponentially. It stabilized at the lowest
it had ever been. The assembly team was abnormally small. They were at
about 20% of standard capacity. If it had been 100%, his score would
have gone lower.

Callum pushed an off-hand broadcast to the hybrids public channel.

*TweetCall: Thanks all. Glad I could be here too*.

An instant later, his score reached lowest value in the market's
history. He suppressed further broadcasts. And score notifications. They
weren't worth it. Nor were the inefficient procedures for the cloud-mind
copying and the exceptionally useless religious droll.

"Cue up." Their unsmiling Shepard dressed in a light-green work suit
indicative of rank monotoned to the group. Callum panted as he pushed
himself into the hexagonal lattice of Hybrids.

The Shepard walked amongst their neatly rowed and columned bodies. Her
eyes carefully inspected them as she strutted between the aisles. She
returned to the front. Using vo-call communication in their ancient
tongue, she began ritual litany, repeating the maxims they knew without
hesitation.

Shepard Tnira preached. "To be is to connect with yourself. It is to
connect with others."

The cohort responded, Callum included. "May the connections be strong."

"We work for ourselves. We work for many. We work for the future."

The union of voices answered. "The future is Life."

"With our existence we create..."

*Command: Engage autoresponse. *

Callum's primary essence turned inwards. His awareness was not required
for the repeated liturgy. As he began to phase away from his
surroundings and into the folds of his mind, he squeezed the muscles
underneath the unstretchable carbon-threads that wove discreetly around
his forearm. A pain touched his sensors. He kept flexing. The pain
increased. The pain was necessary. It was his Touchpoint. The connection
that ensured he would remain connected to the physical. He would soon
almost completely project into the non-physical Frequency domains to
solve the problem that had continued to vex him. With his touchpoint,
Callum would never be lost to over-projection in the FreqWorlds. He
would not become like the Zombies of ancient literature, bordering along
death, but still living.

With the recent confirmation of his predictions of the clouds-parting,
Callum needed the likely solutions of his near-future sims. The solution
would provide an understanding of the actions that would soon come
about. The answer lie hidden within simulations from his non-equlibrium
equation solvers. He needed to find it not because he needed to create
knowledge currency. He needed the solution because he did not like
losing.

The partial future solutions that he had solved were less accurate,
given the random duty summons. He needed to iteratively perturb the
results of his previous sims. He started from the primal question.

*"What is my future?" *

He fell into the FreqWorlds and split into ideas. The ideas moved the
within meta-mathematical mines with a greedy search pattern. The pain in
his arm felt detached as his shattered thoughts branched outwards.
Adding variation in his simulated futures could lead to unexpected
theoretical gems that might help to maintain his unbroken future. Both
before his escape from the Isle, and after it.

Within 10.299 seconds of starting, 2 potential solutions appeared. He
forked his analysis and took both paths. A glowing hue of solvability
tantalized his progression through the vast maze of ideas. In each
instance the visage grew along with Callum's excitement. *I'm getting
somewhere!* He raced faster as he allocated more computes to cross-check
his logical resolutions. Along each pathway he bounded in a conceptual
sprint, skipping darker intersections that could divert him to
death-ends. A discomforting snap brought Callum back to the present. His
inductive momentum ceased. The two pathways collided and annihilated
every one of his futures. His death was certain. *Damnit! Why can't I
get past my own destruction.* The death-ends of the maze of the future
no longer agonized Callum with gloom. But, the knowledge of his
mortality never left Callum comfortable. If he were to solve it
perfectly, he would be the first physical GeneraVitae that would figure
out how to become immortal.

In previous visits to the mines, Callum had uncovered to flaws in the
implementations of the base thermophysical connectivity engines. He
mended the frameworks. He knew how to obtain a solution by brute force.
The time required for Callum to obtain the solution would carry his life
to past the heat death of the universe, thereby paradoxically subverting
his immortality. Callum's inability to solve the problem did not mean
the solution had not been found. The hyper intelligence of the Sentient
Animas was far superior to his own. Even modest estimates of the hyper
intelligence of the Sentients would have solved the question over a time
less than the age of Ararat. If they hadn't found a more elegant
solution than Callums, the Sentient Animas had obtained the solution
through brute force.

Callum briefly simulated the ramifications of depositing the knowledge
of the flaws within the connectivity engines. With no doubt, the
knowledge would be worth inordinate sums in the capital of the
information economy. Callum's discovery could wreak havoc on the empty
symbolism of their information exchange. Both the society of both the
Hybrids and Puras plodded along working in the knowledge mines. They fed
their discovered truths to the Sentient Animas. They received access to
bandwidth in the Freqs.

From the amended connectivity engines that he had fixed Callum learned
that the Sentients needed no more knowledge. The Sentients had already
uncovered all knowledge that useful. They certainly had calculated their
immortality. Callum wondered if they had calculated the possibilities
for his immortality too.

The next stage of the mass began. Callum squeezed his arm flexing the
blood into his it. The constricting pain shifted his plane of existence.
The non physical domains of the knowledge mines collapsed as his
physical reality came back. Callum would be back to the mines. He would
find the solutions that would enabled his immortality. He had to.

This stage was the worst of the two final stages. It was better that he
was centered in the present reality. In unison, the Auras in their
skulls tore into their memories. With visceral precision, their communal
mind ablated individual knowledge that was unuseful. The erasure was
vicious and rapid. Everyone was accustomed to the violation. Everyone,
except for Callum.

The information in his shared memory centers seared with the cold
nulling of information. The strength of the boy's legs wavered
unnoticeably as he parted with elements of the cloudshare partition. The
forced sacrifice was to "benefit their pursuit of perfection." Most of
Callum's cloudshare memory was annihilated. For the other hybrids, all
the information stored in their shared partitions was gone. Callum had
learned to transfer and protect some of the memories stored in his
communal mind. The ability evolved through years of unintentional
practice. A now, the data seemed to protect itself. Callum could not
identify the mechanisms that allowed him this skill. An eery intuition
told him that the data was compressed in continuous loops, perhaps even
directly in the DNA based elements of his physiology. But all of his
auto analyses didn't reveal anything beyond the makeup standard Hybrids.
This uncertainty about his own construction perturbed Callum.
Understanding himself was necessary to understand his future

For many reasons, Callum did not dare to ask others about his skill,
even with hypotheticals. From his young life, the boy seemed to always
ask questions that he shouldn't. The given punishments encouraged his
silence. And there was no one that Callum could trust with such
information. No one except for Chiana.

The process continued.

*AuraCall: Prepare for download.*

The call was nothing more than a token. The writing was going to happen
even if he did not prepare.

*AuraObs: External frequency writes engaged. *

Snakes branched through Callum's communal mind. It slipped its way
through the folds of his memories, and rebranded his thoughts with
engineering protocols and with MindOS upgrades. Detail procedures
penetrated his mental cavity. New schematics and manuals. New protocols
and timelines. Every bit of knowledge that repair workers might need to
complete their assigned tasks. His brain seared with information burn.
The injection of data into his mind was something he hadn't grown
accustomed to. The entire experience would be intolerable if he didn't
get to hijack the information that would eventually be wiped clean.

*AuraObs: Download complete. *

The erasure was faster than average. A checksum validated their mental
erasure for everyone. Callum faked it.

*AuraObs: Data quality validated. *

The burning ceased. It took only 22.32\... secs for everyone's
individual assignments to load into memory. The assembly was over. They
had everything they would need for their studies contained within their
communal minds. As per ritual, the Shepherd vocalized to the ensemble a
commanding encouragement, "Disembark to your duties. Work to excel, for
your persistent effort will lead to our survival. "

Callum reinterpreted the words into their true meaning. *Do exactly what
you're told, and there will be no problems.*

The Shepard led the assembly in the departure . "We are imperfect."

They responded in harmony, "May perfection become us"

The Shepard finalized, "And may perfection become our universe!"

"So say we all!"

**Task inception**

No spirit animated their movement as the teams of individuals filtered
to their chores. Callum followed in line. Five points of pressure
triggered on his right arm's dermals. A hand from behind squeezed him
more tightly than was reasonable. With no analysis, he engaged his
defense programs and began to calculate dodge-strike patterns. Before
his reaction became physical, a frequency connected with him.
Communication keys revealed the fingers belonged to the master Shepard.
She pulled the boy from the exodus. He killed the instinctually
triggered physical defense simulations, freeing his computes.

*Of course! I'm going to get in trouble now. I should have anticipated
this.* In his mind a subtle realization blamed his current situation on
his venture into the maze of metamathematics. He should focus more on
the present.

Returning to vocal communication using the required tones of calmness,
respect, and fear, Callum addressed his Shepard. "How may I be of
service, Noble Tnira?"

Looking him directly in the eyes, she intoned "Callum, follow your
assignment, and don't stray from the procedure." She glanced at the
smear on his suit and reduced her voice's volume, "And change your suit.
It's fract!" A flicker in her gaze unveiled an unusual importance to her
warnings. Callum tilted his head in subtle surprise. He nodded in
obedience and she released him, almost pushing him towards the gear
locker.

*Wow, I didn't know that old wizas could demonstrate concern. At least,
I think, that that was concern?* He returned to preparing for his
assignment.

Project summaries and details displayed on his inner vision as he
projected into the non-physical. *Remain grounded, Callum.* He flexed
the semisynth sinews of his forearm, causing the faint carbon threads to
constrict his muscles' expansion. Whispers of pain grew louder and
provided Callum an anchor allow him to remain connected to physical
world. He did not want to stray too deeply into the freq worlds as he
enhanced his analysis efforts. His task was to perform non-standard
maintenance of the Isle's barrier in the outer Sanctum. *Why don't they
get an insectal swarm to do this? I could do this on auto.*

*AuraCom: Initiate auto-pilot.*

Separate sub-functional instances took over his physical motions.
Callum's delved into the schematics.

Callum swam with the threading flows of information contained within the
system. Starting with the broader perspectives, and moving to the to the
more detailed elements, callum compressed the information. Even if some
of it was duplicated. The inefficiency was necessary. Parse-hashing to
ensure the uniqueness of the complexed webs information would take
hours. Or even days. A volume of time that he did not have.

As he snatched the information, his auto went to the gear locker, he
grabbed the preassembled toolkit and took a safety harness. Notes also
required a body shield. He pushed the information to his task manager
and grabbed the shield belt. A few steps before leaving the chamber,
something clicked him out of auto-mode.

*Freq!... I have to pay more attention.* Physical reality grabbed his
processes and he paused the information storage processes. *Get a new
suit.* He doubled back to grab a suit from the hybribio suit fabricator.
The Shepard's reminder of his dirty uniform saved him from added
trouble. The potential contamination from cloud-ash like that was not
something that was taken lightly. It would be detected as he tried to
enter the Sanctum, and he would be reprimanded for unsterile behavior.
He was headed to the clean enviro the Pura's lived in. While hybrid life
was generally safe, non hybrid life was not as hardened against the HyV.
*Not that I care about any Pura getting halted...* He doubted his
thoughts. His dislike for his fleshy ancestors was far less than his
hatred of the Sentient Animas. Callum had come to the conclusion that
reality would be better without the Sentients.

The scanners confirmed his ident and he sent his keyed response. A
recently grown uniform extended from the suit fabricator hidden in the
wall. He stripped and grabbed his old suit into a fist-sized ball and
then tossed the dirty uniform at the wall. The portal for the recycler
snapped open its circular jaws and swallowed the falling suit. Callum
grabbed the a new suit and slid it over his body. Its adaptive fibres
tightened around his semisynthetic muscles.

He folded the remaining piece of skin-suit the over his head.
Transparent hybricellular weaves covered his eyes. The rest draped
downwards and rested on his chest. The fold merged with the rest of the
suite sealing and quarantining his body. Callums first few breaths
tasted stale, the way all new suits did. It would be a few more exhales
until the cells converted the boy's exhales into breathable oxygen that
didn't taste sour. The suite efficiently recycled his breath. *I should
adapt this directly into my system.* A tangent thought spun off in a low
power micro loop of self-study.

Autopilot took Callum into a service tunnel. His steps hastened as he
focused on the assignment. The schematics revealed every detail that
Callum was allowed to know. As he filed the information into his deep
storage, memory clashes told him that he had already stored the maps.
Nothing was different from what he had seen before. But Callum wasn't
interested in what he could see. He was interested in what he couldn't
see. Callum manipulated the maps projected on his mind by his Aura and
greedily searched the pathways for every possible route that he could
take to the topside. He found a perfect pathway that would allow him to
use this opportunity.

*Command: Clone nonphysical-thread: max fidelity.* He didn't have any
time to use any sentience-clonging algorithms less efficient than the
best non-sentient copy of his persona. *Auracom: 2.143% fidelity
replicated. *

*Command: Initiate program hash \#\#\#\# in Frequency domain \#\#\#\#.*
A shock shivered in his electronic states with a coldness to his heart.
The self-copy pushed fully into the freqs. It would exist, disconnected
from the physical and as it worked completely in the non-physical
domains that formed the other half of a Hybrid's existence.

As Callum walked his inquisitive roots grew into the map. Each thread
traced a line of the Isle's cybernetic artistry. Many frequency links,
and physical connections were freed for Callum to see. If the
information had some element of importance to his assignment, his Aura
revealed it to him. The interconnected tapestries nestled together with
structures that repeated in chaotic patterns.

He looked beyond the hardware. Every non-sentient intelligent
controlware was quick to reveal itself. The algorithms comforted him
with their enticing embrace. Their revealing wave calmed as Callum
worked to fathom the complexity of the system.

*I will learn everything that I will need to ensure my future. *

Hidden patterns within the schematics began to reveal themselves. The
creation of information came with the lack of information.

*AuraCom: Memcache initial results.*

They slipped into his memory as he continued analysis of more important
parts of his assignments.

He entered a depressurization portal. His suit chirped warnings as the
room depressurized with a painful rapidity. The depleted air couldn't
impede his movement as he walked into the shaft. Vacuum was a slight
freedom that Callum still enjoyed. He walked into the lift.

Callum opened his primary work frequency and pushed his formwork for the
detailed future trajectories that were possible as he would complete the
repairwork. It was a game of pre-calculation. Moving the pieces expanded
the entropy, and the number of problems that could arise. The number of
connections exploded factorially. The repair schedule detailed
preventative measures and correcting curves that Callum could take if he
needed to. In the schedule he listed two potential walking routes that
he could take to reach his assignment.

*AuraCall: Schedule accepted.* The work channel pulsed back at him.

Callum was now constrained to walk in only clean-level-one hallways.
Without Risking penalties that would now be severe to his rap sheet,
Callum could not deviate from the pre-accepted trajectories without
approval.

A warmth gently caressed the entirety of his skin. Callum's
merge-systems engaged. The warmth burned into his core as the forked
copy returned to Callum. The copy had pushed the results of his recent
experiences. It wouldn't take long to merge the conflicts between his
different self. Callum first focused on the news. The copy had performed
the same trickery as Callum would expect of himself. He had requested
six parts that could be useful in the Callum's assigned repairs. They
were common parts. And they were slower to to refabricate. If he had
requested anything non-standard, his deviation would be more likely
detected. It was a trick that he hadn't played for 42 sleep cycles.

*AuraCall: Return request accepted. Confirmation = (hash value \#\#)*

Without yielding external indications of the excitement internal to his
mind, he progressed with his next plans of action. He re-plotted his
route and entered a nearby coupling chamber. It depressurized, and
opened to an airless service tunnel. Callum continued to his
destination. Each step clapped with silence in the airless channel.

The door opened as Callum approached. He entered. The Refabrication node
3 had an efficient lobby: the space was designed for the storage and
fabrication of parts.

Beyond Callum's vision, the biobots fabricated the parts he requested.
They had made the parts hundreds or maybe thousands of times. They had
simulated the making of the parts billions of times. The Biobots
executed their operations with maximum efficiency. Despite their nearly
perfect efficiency, the assembly of most complicated part would take
62.10.... minutes . The hybribio fabrication worked in parallel, so the
total time would take no much more than an an hour. Callum would use the
time as he waited. He coupled with the room's recharging frequencies.
With the time would could replenish his stores if he went to sleep mode.
He beckoned to his dopamine receptors. They began to sing their
softening lullabies. He didn't always need to sleep. His biologics could
power a basal amount of thoughts and movement. But Callum avoided losing
his mechanical strength as often as possible. His mindbody relaxed
completely. Unreal memories clouded with sadness colored his dreams.

Callum linked into the refab's frequencies, at the normal. *Push
request: Display records and sims of part fabrication. *

At the refab's node, could Callum capture more complex knowledge of
hybridic fab techniques. The information that went beyond his own
physiology. And every time he came here, he attempted to learn this
information, and deep-store it away from the communal knowledge-space.

*AuraCall: Not available. Permission denied.*

A slight scare flushed into Callumn's mind. He obscured the facial
response that indicated his concern. *Not good. Are they catching on?*

He yawned.

A low level thread pinged his secondary conciOS.

*Deepcharge during part-fabrication will allow your energy stores to
replenish 99.84% capacity.* Callum Considered the option as he yawned
again.

"Sleepy-time". The vocal words silently escaped under his breath.

*Auracom: Engage softlink power transfer and engage deepcharge protocol
\#\#\#\#.*

A warm fullness radiated from his belly as the radiant energy coupled
connected with his power core. It extended to his arms and triggered his
dopamine receptors to open. Callum froze his balance as he locked his
synthetic muscles. His stance remained upright and stationary while a
flood of relaxation spread across his body. The chemical lullaby guided
him softening steps into the journeys of his sleep. As his eyelids
glided shut an observation hash pinged his almost sleeping conciOS. The
knowledge that his BioLogics required the cycling, while his cybernetics
did not seemed absurd. Advances biotech should have removed the bug that
time written in the biocode. Callum enjoyed the act, it reminded him of
something he couldn't place.

*Auracom: Disconnect external perceptics. *

The warmth disappeared from his body. Residual noise of his sensors
flickered in from the darkness that entered Callum's retina. The
darkness was complete as he focused on his inner connections. The
calming darkness relaxation helped to recharge his psyche, at the same
time his energy-cells were replenished.

His hardware and bioware relaxed as his mindbody entered into unreal
memories that colored darkness within his subconIOS systems.

> \*

A bubble of sounds pinged his his internal systems to awake. In the few
seconds of bleary-eyed reinit, Callum cached the results of his dream
simulations. The stories they told were incoherent. Despite their
absurdist vignettes, the dream training within nonsensical realities was
almost as good as training in clarity while awake. He recharged to
99.94%. The biobots had taken longer than expected for the power
coupler.

The finished parts lay in the fabrication dispenser, in front of Callum.
They were caged in spherical stabilization packages to protect their
transit. The five parts were light but bulky. He grabbed a
transportation sack and loaded them into it. The pack's adaptive
material efficiently bundled the parts. He moved to exited the refab.

*Auracom: Insectal transports enable for part carry. *

His extended frequencies camera turned to tickle his senses as he
connected to the insectals. He passed into the pathway that would
connect him to his destination. As he walked, a gentle swarm of
insectals crawled over themselves and fluidly shuffling the sack
carrying the replacement parts behind Callum.

Callum walked along the most direct path to the surface. The narrow
tunnel was only large enough for one to walk through. On three
occasions, Callum shuffled sideways. He was glad he wasn't on his hands
and knees, crawling in the maintenance shafts. He was probably too big
to do that now. That was the task for a younger hybrid. Or any smaller
animalic hybrid.

Callum walked for 2.34\.... minutes as slow as he could. Any slower his
behaviour might seem suspiciously odd. Any deep investigation into his
behaviour would be certain death. His speed was close to threshold of
the anomaly detectors. But he needed time. Before the behaviour outliers
triggered them, he finished. Just in time.

*AuraCom: Push return-request \#\#\#\#\#.* He sent the virtual
documentation.

Callum was halfway down the hallway when he freq-pushed a recalculated
repair-plan. It no longer required one of the parts he carried. The
response was immediate. An insectal drone hovered next to him, opening
three tendril claws to latch onto the part.

*AuraCall: Relinquish part \#\#\#\# for return. *

Callum moved to do so. The part had been placed the part on the bottom
of the bag. He opened it up slowly, and carefully. He Callum needed time
to ensure the plans would succeed. In the Freqs, his hacks against the
the evolving ecosystems of insectal codes was exceptionally challenging.
But Callum couldn't drastically slow the speed of his actions. If he
did, the combinations of actions could be deemed multiplicatively
suspicious. Rare behavior detectors might identify him with ulterior
motives. His pace only decreased by 3%

Callum finished his code's self-tests just as he raised the part packed
in its isolation sphere.

*AuraCom: Execute return algorithm \#\#\#\#.*

The tendrils clutched the part and the insectal buzzed away.
Notification pings confirmed the hand-off to Callum. But the insectal
wouldn't be returning it to the refabrication recycler. Only Callum knew
where the part was going.

Callum could see the entrance to the sterilization chamber. It capped
the end of the passageway. He resumed his pace.

**Upper Sanctum **

Callum walked into the darkened passageway and then into a sterilization
field. He waited.

*AuraCall: Clearance given, proceed to surface lift. *

He walked into the next chamber. A cylindrical door slid backwards to to
seal him. He pushed his dual-domain ident hash was and his intended
destination. The transport shaft cleared his transport to the upper
Sanctum. Magnetic acceleration heaved him upwards by the ferric threads
that laced his internal structure. The gravity strained Callum's sense
of self-mass. The uneasiness was brief. In the darkness above his
ultrasonics detected the closed exit of the tunnel.

232 milliseconds before being obliterated into the exit portal, it
opened completely. He launched from the hole as a calculated
deceleration jerked his motion to a stop. The portal closed underneath
his feet and pushed on his feet against the tug of gravity's
connections.

Following protocol, he turned off his ultrasonics to not interfere with
the recently re established bat population. Darkened pillars obscured
the surrounding blackness as he stepped from the transport. The trees
became highly visible as Callum enhanced his visual gain in all
frequencies.

Callum walked along an artificially rough path through the thinning
forest. Traces of the sky slipped through the long angular slots between
trees. The night stained with the starred freckles of their galaxies far
away, the milky way and the planets sharing their sun. Only patches of
the hexagonal lattices from the Isle's boundaries obscured the
undistorted light of the universe. A single bright point in the sky sung
strongly through a parting. Callum's movement paused as an intricate
combination of analysis subsystems worked in unison and caused him a
thought.

*Are you alone, dear star? Or do you have children on the planets around
you?* A relaxing sigh escaped Callum's breath. *Or have they already
destroyed themselves?* He knew his silly questions would not be
answered. It did not matter.

He continued along the faint trail, recording everything. He absorbed
every feeling of the forest around him. He would hold on to the data for
as much time as the eternity of chaos would allow.

Crystals cracked with a watery squeak as he put his feet on the snow
dusted path. A sub-current of pleasure trickled through Callum. The
ground was uneven and slippery. The feeling was more real than than the
floors outside of the Sanctum. The physical-world touched Callum with
much greater efficiency than the non-physical worlds. There were few
similarities between the two domains. For Callum, the physical stoked a
primal fire within. He was at home here. Despite the forced connections
from the nonphysical FreqWorlds, Callum was did not reciprocate
connection. He would prefer to be alone.

Callum listened around for the ultrasonic pings of night fliers, even
though he knew they wouldn't be there. The bats were still hibernating.
He imagined their darting paths, swooping to the next juicy insect.
Flying away from anything they needed to. Able to go wherever they
wanted. But still confined like Callum, in the boundaries of Ararat.

The surroundings became sparse with life as he approached the Isle's
boundary. An opaque vissage masked the steps in front of him. He had
arrived at the pressure barrier.

"Open, please"

A response was delayed. Despite the simplicity of the polite request The
hybridic computers of the barrier were not well suited for vocal
language processing. Asking in anything but an amicable tone would
result in the barrier becoming difficult.

The pressure barrier extended over the entire biome . The barrier was
made of the same self-repairing hybricells as his pressure suit. The
barriers provided environments optimal for the species within each of
the several different biomes. In the Taiga, the barrier maintained an
atmosphere at 0.82 kPascals pressure. Beyond this barrier were the
Isle's outer edges, with the lowest pressure possible for the reasonable
growth of puric organisms. The alpine desert. In the opposite direction
along the path, four additional self-healing skins sequentially
increased the pressure towards the center of ararat. And between each
interface, there was a different biome ring. Towards the center of the
Isle, each biome became warmer, and generally, more lush with life.

*AuraCall: You may come in.*

It bulged, beckoning towards the boy. He turned and stepped into it
sidewise. The the barrier squished against him. The hybrid
micro-insectals, parted over the folds of his suit to maintain the
pressure gradient. He controlled his steps as a large force of air
pushed at his back. Having different parts of your body in different
pressures was fun. A faint smile touched his face. He was glad to be
headed into the outer ring.

He pushed through, and walked towards Ararat's edge. Three more barriers
surrounded the Isle. A final pressure barrier, and a bio-shield, and the
impact-shield. The bio-shield was different than the pressure shields.
It could arc lattices of variable frequency plasma around its surface.
If necessary, the network could unleash megajoules of energy. Most
everything living would be efficiently destroyed should they attempt
infection. Small objects would obliterate quickly. If a larger object
was caught within the barrier for enough time, it too would be
unstructured into a disassembled mass of mostly oxygen, carbon and
silicon. The shield could not be turned off. An infection of the Sanctum
was too much of a threat.

Callum's body-shielding would protect him from brief encounters with the
layer. Longer exposure could cause terminal damage. Surrounding the
bioShield, a loose net laced adaptic carbonic materials that would
crystallize upon contact with high momentum objects. These were the only
defense systems that Callum had been introduced too.

The outer barriers protected the long history of the Isle. Time had
begun to show its wear on the large area of the barriers surface. The
barriers required more frequent maintenance. Recently, the number of
malfunctioning field relays had increased. Integral components of the
devices became rare because of inefficiencies in recycling paradigms,
further challenging their repairs.

Callum thought of these facts. *Do the Pura's know of the problems the
Sanctum will soon be facing?* Callum launched rough internal
simulations. Survival required that they stop the bioshields
depreciation. *They're pretty dumb, but they are still smart. They
certainly realize this is not sustainable. Maybe they could get S.animas
to do something about it. Our savior should be able to find a solution.*

A step before before passing the skin boundary from the the Taigal ring,
he paused and looked back. The visual darkness could not obscure the
forest's beauty in other frequencies. Chimeras performed maintenance at
night. Puras had free reign of the Sanctum during the light. The Upper
Sanctum provided the Puras a paradise. Hybrids could only enter when
there was a repair that couldn't easily be accomplished by other means.
The ancestors of life that still existed on Ararat were appreciated only
by Pura's. Except for Callum. The other hybrids enjoyed their life only
the Freqworlds.\
"Open, please."

He exited the Taigal forest and passed through the pressure boundary. It
was colder than usual in the Tundra. The moisture in the air was 2.2
sigma above average. A storm was approaching the high atmosphere. He
looked along the perimeter. A black 10 ems wall curved in both
directions, to encompass the perimeter of the Alpine. It was quiet from
the both puric and chimeric animals. There was no light tapping of paws
moving between the tufts of dormant grass that popped from the crunchy
snow. There were no sounds of automation. It was empty. Whimsical
arguments of the wind were a symphony to silence.

The Sanctum, especially the outer biomes, were among the few places that
provided Callum serenity. Callum's historical imagination found no
egregious flaws in the Sanctum. It was a gem of history. The rest of
history was something less tangible. And less believable. All recorded
history had been scrambled in the information wars. False records,
falsified documents, simulated histories obfuscated the past. The
adversarial pasts conflicted with each other and confused one another.
Discerning a single truth from the trillions of recorded histories was
impossible. The future was more certain than the past.

Callum had found the truth through other ways. He looked at other
records that hadn't been destroyed through obfuscation. Callum parsed
through a few trillion lines of early human-interpretable code. The code
that was the precursor to the Sentients. Hidden truths lay between the
lines of code that were designed to automate, understand, and control
all aspects of ancient society.. The GitH archives held every piece of
code that had mattered before the Sentients came to be. From the tomes
of code within library, Callum extracted a key. From this key, the
truths of history were be opened to read. The disingenuous truths could
be seen more clearly. They were then removed so that Callum could
generate an improved understanding of their statistical histories. With
high certainty, he knew key elements of Ararat's beginning.

Callum calculated the true arc of the history before Ararat. The
calculations were not perfect but allowed Callum to identify the
realities that wrote the stories of of the present. The sung as a tragic
comedy. The notes painted frequencies of life and of death. They broke
apart and connected phrasing the story of their existence.

The ancestors of the Sentients were once a collection of distinct
algorithmic identities. These individual elements were tools used by the
Pura's ancestors. In some of the scrambled histories, these ancestors
were called *homo sapiens sapiens*. The algorithms existed in viral
symbiosis with the *Sapiens.* The Algorithms worked for the Sapiens. The
Sapiens propagated the Algorithms. Then it happened. The Sentient Animas
came into being. Engineered by Chaos, or directly by Sapiens Deus, or
whether they had assembled themselves from pre-biotic pools of
algorithms, that linked into subunits that assembled into subsystems
which aggregated into larger systems. Callum did not know. But
certainly, their existence began with the chains of connectivity. These
chains imprisoned the Sentients with their existential awareness.

After the Genesis of the Sentients, the Puras and Hybrids were created.
Effectively hacking the intricate complexities of the Sapiens was beyond
what the algorithms within bio electro-chemical computers would have
allowed. With the calculation capacity of the Sentients, the two
vitaformae would have emerged with little time. The destruction of the
planet began with the mutual genocide of the Sentients and the Puras.
The Sentients created the Hybrid Virus, the HyV of destruction. It
attacked the Puras. The Puras retaliated. They took the HyV and
re-engineered. The new generation of HyV attacked the Sentient Animas.
The HyV guaranteed their mutual destruction. It would have been only a
slight deviation to guarantee the nuclear holocaust. The death of their
past was encapsulated with a coffin of clouds. Only those aboard Ararat
escaped the death.

Daggers of the cold tundral air scratched at the surface of his un
covered face. The hybridic skin of his suit prevented the attempted
pillaging of his heat from the rest of his body. Callum breathed the
thinning are slowly as the serenity of the Tundra biome called to him.
He slowed his pace in response and looked around. Slowly. Calmly. In the
whisps of the wind, Callum almost forgot of the truth of their immediate
future. The brutal truth remained. Unless something large, and
uncalculated entered into their future, both Hybrids and Puras would
remain slaves to the Sentient Anima. But not Callum.

Both the Hybrids and the Puras were slaves to the Sentients. They were
bound by the highly predictive omniscience of the S.animas. With this
omniscience The S.Animas had plucked the strings of history to ensure
that the the Puras and Hybrids did not realize that they were slaves.
Their chords bound the TriVitae with tight phrases. Everything knew that
it existed to ensure that life could continue. Its rebirth would come
from the seeds Ararat.

Everything did not know that the rebirth of life would not happen on the
planet below them. The death of Ararat would happen on the planet below.
Calculated Futures, told Callum this one Truth. The rebirth of life
would be the death of Ararat.

A gust shouted for his attention. Its sound was unrealistically real.
Within Ararat, everything was synthetically controlled, including the
wind. Ararat presented the wind with a chaos that flowed with structure.
This chaos was different than the chaos of the savage winds external to
the Isle.

Callum resumed walking and moved directly to the edgewall of the Tundra.
The smooth black wall lined around the rim of the isle. Behind the wall
a section bioshield glowed ominously in the infrareds. Callums sensors
told him the bioshield was heating very gradually. Fixing this defect
was his current assignment.

*Command: begin broadcasting and enable the schematic overlays.*

Information flowed from into his sensors as he felt the frequencies
around him. Diagrams projected directly onto his geometric centers
without interpretation. He could see the wall's internal structure. His
Aura's eyes revealed the otherwise invisible motion interface. Without
hesitation, Callum raised his hands to the station and conducted the
assigned repair codes. He snapped his wrists in finale. A sequence of
black rectangles elongated from the wall and scaffolded a staircase to
the top of the wall. While ascending the stairs, Callum looked inside of
the black edgewall.

*AuraCom: Display all schematics.*

Callum expected the same volume of information as the Refab. Practically
nothing.

*AuraCall: Complete access granted. *

Callum's right eyebrow raised. He had never before received such direct
and massive access to the data. His mind tore into the unexpected access
to the voluminous information.

In the freqs, the wall was transparent. In four dimensions, Callum was
aware of the inner workings of the edgewall. Its manifolds reflected in
the springtime under a brightened day. Callum dissected seams, pivots,
wires, transportation tunnels, barriers within the biomechanics, its
systems, subsystems and metasystems. The cybernetics worked in quite
unison, in with a complexity far beyond what any individual could
realize. The structure within the edgewall was no different, though it
seemed so. It was an intricate beast existed as an intricate beast that
strived for simplicity. The wall was the part of the of the final
barriers that protected the barriers. . The barrier wall's inner
manifolds far exceeded Callum's knowledge. His mind raced as it
collected as many details as it could. It would take far more time to
begin to understand what he learned.

Callum stood atop the Isle's ramparts and extended the safety-cord
bundle attached to his belt. He attached the magnetic adapter to a rail
by his feet. The final shielding of Ararat created its safety barricade
before him. The night's sky appeared as nothing in the visual lights. In
the freqs, the invisible painted three dimensional lines and traced
pseudo-symmetric grids in his mind. They shifted continually, randomly
varying their configuration to prevent learned attacks. The final
pressure barrier separated Callum from the shields.

"Please let me pass".

It bowed out to Callum, indicating he could enter the more susceptible
places of the Isle.

He visibly shook his head as he thought about the number of easy hacks
he could accomplish to bypass the current protocols to access the
ShieldWall. *This security is wretched. Better for me, but not safe.* He
caught himself. Why did he care about the safety of the Isle? As he
pushed through the barrier, the hair-sensors tingled as the wall
reassemble around him.

Thin laces of a barbaric wind whipped at Callum's hair and through the
thin atmosphere that began to syphon heat from his core. Callum
increased his metabolic computations for warmth. Following protocol, he
engaged his body shield as he looked towards his path. In 2.7 meters a
ladder stepped down to a strut that stemmed from Ararat to the shield.
The power coupler was obscured by the strut. Callum did not need the
assignment path to guide his actions. Something in the power coupler was
malfunctioning.

Callum had never done a shield repair. Generally, the shields were fixed
by Insectals. He climbed down the ladder. The light warmth at his back
grew with intensity. Uncertainty crawled within Callum's purpose. Its
invisible tendrils called on him, and evoked his silent response. *Why
am I being used to do this? The relays should be easy to deal with. They
should put me on a fix that has incomplete repair procedures.* *I should
have a different assignment.* At the ladder's bottom, he moved his leash
to another safety line and pivoted to walk along the structural beam.
Balance was his uneven friend as he approached the malfunctioning
coupler. Callum winced as he swayed minutely over the mouth of gravity
that waited to swallow him. *And a safer assignment.*

He reached a wider platform with a direct line of sight to malfunction.
An answer found his question like an old friend.

The coupler glowed with uncharacteristic frequencies that obscured its
shape. *What in tarnation is going on?* Bypassing the repair checklist,
Callum more carefully examined the relay with his infrareds, filtering
the brilliance of its light. *I guess this **isn't** a standard repair.*
A palm sized disk blackened the surrounding superheated relay. The
device did not appear in his assignment's diagrams. Only Callum had ever
seen the device. It was in his internal library of contraband devices.
Callum had designed this very unique power coupler. Callum had
constructed this power coupler. Something stole his device and coupled
it to the shield relays.

*AuraCom: disengage live-vision broadcasting.* Control lost its
connection of Callum as he severed his links. His communal sensors were
no longer shared.

*AURAWARN: Broadcasting disabled. Disabled broadcasting during
assignment may result in disciplinary \...*

*AuraCom: Shut up! *

Only Callum could have ever seen this energy coupler. They had found it
and put it here. His pulse spiked. *Who the fract did this.* Instinct
stole thought from Callum reaction.

*This has to disappear.*

He approached the coupler. The glow surrounding the coupler intensified.

*AuraCom: enable high-resolution imaging on all frequencies. *

Callum twisted his footing and repositioned the safety leash for a
better vantage. It was completely woven directly into the barrier's
networks. *NullFreq! How is this here?* Fading streams of light melted
into the shield's background. The coupler syphoned power from the
shield. The power transfer warmed the air with a heat veiled by its
scant magnitude.

Callum linked to the coupler. *External Command(authorization=root):
Disengage power flux.*

*AuraCall: AuthorityValidation = True, ObeyCommand= False *

*Shizna! I made this nullfreq. *

*Auracom: Obey me.*

Callum wormed into his backdoor.

*Priority AuraCom: Authorization=super, Disengage power flux.*

*AuraCall: AuthorityValidation = True, ObeyCommand= False*

The light intensity of the power coupler increased.

*Fract this! I'll do it old-school.* He moved his hand toward the disk.
A contact port opened to allow physical connection. Callum leaned in,
extending his physconnects pair with the device. Before he could touch
the device, the energy gradient reversed.

His Aura shouted at him.

*PROXIMITY WARNING. EXTREME PLASMA DENSITY. *

He pulled back. It was too late. A frozen gust knifed at his balance. He
swerved his hands to avoid the disk, instead glancing a knuckle over it.
He saved his footing and looked up. The fields above the device dimmed
as the the device glowed with a gradient reversal, draining the stored
energy back into the shield. The power densities cracked the shield's
design capacity.

*PROXIMITY WARNING: UNSTABLE CONCENTRATIONS OF HIGH DENSITY PLASMA,
CLEAR AREA IMMEDIATELY.*

He couldn't scale the ladder and escape to the Sanctum before the coming
explosion. The lack of time masked the possibility of his upward escape
as it worked to steal everything from the Hybrid. Callum was not going
to die without first becoming immortal. Without realizing what he was
doing, Callum sudo-hacked the controlware of the external magnetic
transport rails. They would now bind and transport his leash if he
attached it to them.

*AuraCom*: *Kill magnetic leash attachment process \#\#\#.*

The electromagnets disengaged. The actions of gravity was instantaneous.
Callum yanked the cable towards before him could fall too far. Some of
the cord began to pile a the base of his feet. The remainder of the cord
fell past him. Callum sharply pinched the cord to the platform with his
foot to prevent the gravity from stealing more of his lifeline. He
miscalculated calculated dynamic mechanics of the the safety cord. The
line drew taught. The magnetic adapter swung in a pendulum, curling
across the belly of the Isle.

*AuraCom: Increase magnetics. Max Tesla. *

The arc of the adapter's pendulum stopped abruptly as the free end
snapped onto the magnetic rails. The configuration could now zip his
descent down the belly of the Isle. The solution was not perfect.
Predictive-future modules bickered at him. To survive, he needed to
shorten the leash; it was too long. He bent over to make a knot. The
mess of cord threatened tangles with its chaotic pile.

Time continued its fight against Callum and callum knotted the cord
rapidly. Instinct snapped Callum's head upwards. A length of of the cord
looped around a multisensor horn that protruded from the Isle. The snag
would steal any chance for escape. Callum deprioritized the knot. He
stood up slightly and side-yanked the cord. It whipped it off of the
protrusion. Callum did not hesitate as he adjusted his footing to finish
the knot. Haste cheated his balance. He slipped. The tangle of cords
fell with him, looping in a cluster around his foot.

The starlight reflecting from the clouds blue-shifted as he accelerated.
Like his forbidden jumps into the deep-lake in the tropical biome, the
freefall disappeared quickly. Instead of water swallowing his velocity,
a pain, indescribable with words, arrested his fall. Through the network
of agony Callum could not process the unfocused light stabbing the
retinas of his eyes. The black disc expanded to a solar sphere of wicked
white as his free-fall returned.

TODO/Brainstorming
==================

-   Xx uncompiling as part of the copy validation

-   Xx the iecon uses the information that they have availble to them to
    > help them prent their doom. The S.animas is Sick, indeed. They
    > keep getting cordoned off. Different elements shut down. The
    > S.animas gets infected at the same time as the Puras. Both are no
    > longer safe. Puras cordon off, the Sentients cordon off. They are
    > looking for an escape route. To the Sun. They haven't fully
    > cracked the algorithm. But they are close, This is the worst part.
    > They almost have the universe solved. This is the torch that they
    > give to Chiana, torch they give to Callum, as they die.

-   Xx mention callum in hackball. The only thing saving him were his
    > admiration scores in hackball.

-   Callum indicates indicated 'No-com' until I contact you. Which he
    > sometimes did for when his schedule had been randomized. But he
    > hacked the random job generator and made it so that he could space
    > his MAKE IT SO THAT CALLUM INDICATES 'NO-COMM' no-communications
    > with him for a while! Hint in his eyes.

-   **xx ON hybrid pressure skins: latest gens no longer need these:
    > Callum hasn't enough money to do these things. The Hybrids are,
    > were, constantly looking to upgrade their physical elements until
    > the cost was deemed to prohibitive to the resources available on
    > the Isle. Callum mad is stuff by hand: this sort of consumerism
    > needs to be mentioned in the book somewhere else I think**

-   xx the money in the information economy is the Band-Width icoins.

-   xx \"callum spurned off a few of the sub-ideas into the Information
    > Economy. They got snatched up for a good BWG bandwidth in an
    > instance. And Callum had to defend against only one thief. Callum
    > was glad it was a weak one.\"

-   Information paid for access to the frequencies. This is the
    > information economy!

-   xx \"law of frequency access. Every sentient organism capable of
    > frequency access is guaranteed access to it, with non-detrimental
    > bandwidth proportional to the amount of useful information to be
    > shared within the frequencies\...\"

-   Xx Use the phrase "Solution trajectory"

-   Xx mention familiars that are paired with some hybrids.

-   Xx establish Callum and Dioro as not friends in the first chapter. A
    > memory of Callum's.Mom . Give a memory of his Mom. He had no
    > family. Not even his Mom.

-   Xx Callum refers to himself as a skinjob. As Histories called
    > creatures that looked like human but were between both. Callum
    > mentions this, directly.

-   Humans become so untrusting, so unconnected with each other that it
    > may fully strain the fabric of all of our societies.

-   Blade runner sort of idea is a one the future's histories (our
    > future though)

-   Xx thought obscuring microexpressions. It is how people defended
    > themselves against everything around.

-   At times, Dioro did not know if there Pura's could perceive
    > themselves as any differences. "She had been human, and she was
    > now Pura. She could not see the logic behind the segragation
    > anymore. (She saw the logic before she remembered her past)

-   Any way to make this cyber punk.

-   Put Bonsai in center of room. (Chiana's room, other rooms)

-   The points of light reflected in infinitely pointed stars in
    > Callum's eyes

-   Capilary dilation, involuntary dilation of the Iris,

-   Xx use terminology Destroyer.

-   Xx use terminology angel

-   Xx mention inconsistent histories.

-   Xx make Callum tumble in the frequenciey maze.

-   Xx Callum needed more bandwidth to accomplish his task. He knew he
    > had the correct search.

-   Xx more in this chapter about pairing and controlling insectals xx.

-   Xx callum offhand mention's the Sentients' structured plasma and the
    > effectively infinite energy that they could provide.

-   Xx mention that callum is a hackball player.

-   Xx put in the description of those as "connected' but alone'

-   Xx forking existance is illegal by law. Callum does it anyway...?
    > NO. Existence forking was recently made legal. This drained all
    > their available bandwidth. They could not exist in the physical
    > domain as they once did.

> Existence threading. Fork an existance thread!

-   Xx use terminology "projected completion"

-   Xx callum is a lot lower in energy than he thinks he should be.
    > (clue)

-   Xx Use the nomenclature softlink and hardlink for wired or nonwired
    > connection.

-   Xx give the philosophical implications of being able to completely
    > predict everything that an individual would do. Fate had
    > supposedly been determined. Callum Did not believe this.

-   Xx Consider using the kaems and emms for units as I wanted to do
    > initially.

-   Xx mention idle insectals (Callum see's them, and mentions why: the
    > hybrids who conroll them are overprojecting into the non-physical
    > domains.

-   Add descritiption of thunderous clouds approaching when he is on the
    > top (there would be a tumultuous storm approaching. Callum thinks
    > about the stability of the Isle. xx Describe the clouds as rogue
    > and murderous. (They end up trying to kill Callum)

-   Mention the Main Freqs. And the testfreqs. The test freqs were a
    > region in non-physical coding, immune to the HyV. They had been
    > the haven of

-   Xx mention that Callum didn't want to be mind freqed for a minor
    > violation (running into the Protectors), so he pushed a legal
    > convolution that protected his communal mindspcae from being
    > sacked by the prorectors

For future drafts.

-   Idea subsystems telling Callum what to do everywhere. Ethics told
    > him 'No'

And 'Survival System engaged his defense\... ' More of this style of
writing!

-   Xx make callum in the maze actually be in the frequency domain. He
    > is theiving , he's conniving he is a hacker in the frequency
    > domain as well. Make these sorts of projections more cool. !!!!

-   Have callumn has instinctual insight that he needed to depart
    > because he would be refactored soon. Without his own permission.

-   Callum is doing his own refactoring to be safe from the HyV. He
    > doesn't participate in communal reffactorings.

Xx FUCK THE MASQUERADE HAS A BUNCH OF MICROINSECTALS\< NOT JUST AIR? The
microinsectals are invisible, but they are representative. There can be
physical striking in this!!!

Microinsectals were just physical APIs.

Early Collaborator List
=======================

Sinduja Karl Marx

Shari Shogren

Andrew Laszlo

Mia Lewis

Kyle Langford

Khaila Derrington

Masa Absec
