Chapter 2. Chiana
=================

***When we make music it brings us into a state of peace where we can
understand that the point of life is simply here and now. The journey
itself is the point. The playing itself is the point.***

***You will simply become completely absorbed in sound,***

***and therefore you will find yourself living in an eternal now,***

***in which there is no past, and there is no future, it all becomes
one, doing one happening.***

***\--/r/hypernet/fmanual/073zzd8szl.origin():
[[AlanWatts]{.underline}](http://alan-watts-electronic-university.myshopify.com/)
***

***Xx add acid rain pockmarks on statues. ***

Dinner
------

**Xx need to emphasize Chaina's immunity to the Hyv**

Chiana's elbow angled from the table's surface, as it bent to support
her head on her arm. She slowly chewed small morsels of food while
thoughts turned in circles within her mind. She put another morsel to
her mouth to continue the cycles. Her saliva compounds hacked at
predigesting the nuTreats as she slowly rolled them over her tongue. The
flavor spices and enhancement chemicals were tailored to her genetics.
They tickled her tongue, and slowly enhanced her ability to have higher
input awareness. Eating custom the assembled nuTreat would normally
captivate Chiana's senses. She would savor the information that flowed
into her mind as the cells of her tongue fired in patterns that allowed
her to distinguish individual compounds within their. She did not revel
in enhanced mental connectivity that allowed her to be one of the
Chosen. Instead Chiana looked into her memories. There were clues within
her recent past that Chiana felt would be important to her future.

-   

The liquid puffs cartwheeled with themselves in their jovial atmospheric
game. The hydrodynamic melee had played for Chiana many times before.
The action paused for an instant when the players parted their arena.
The memory of seeing the planet's surface, as the clouds lifted
dominated Chiana. Excitement, confusion, and worry sung in the
background of her thoughts while the voice of Callum echoed from her
memory.

"There's something really you have to see"

"What"? A doubtful Intrigue shaped her voice.

"My forecasts were right! I just confirmed them"

"Forecasts for what?"

"A little bit of something, and a lot of nothing." His eyebrow danced
with a playful tease.

"Please tell me" Her inflection indicating she wasn't going to play in
his game.

"When you see it, you will know."

Chiana ignored any further taunting. But over the next 19 days, her old
friend dropped carefully obfuscated hints about his realization. He
never revealed that his forecasts touched elements of their past that
she had nearly forgotten about. It had been years since she had thought
about the world below. No one cared about history anymore: it wasn't
worth anything. The past had already been harvested for everything
useful for the future. And the future was life.

*What will this mean for Ararat?*

Chiana's thoughts tumbled over themselves, ebbing and flowing as the
waves of the ancient oceans.

-   

"Chi?"

The voice grounded

THe light clarified in her vision, coming from all directions. Her mom
stared at her, projecting emotions of both concern and offense.

*I was projecting too deeply into my mind. Stay grounded.*

Chiana responded. "Yes, ma?"

Across from Chiana, her mother sat with her head gently tilted downward,
allowing her to see a sliver of the enhanced Auras that she had upgraded
to herself. Her multi-percective sensors trained on her daughter. "You
are certainly preoccupied." A worry in her words decorated her tone. A
slight worry decorated her tone. "What is wrong?" The angled tilt of her
head silently shouting the words telling Chiana something. D*o NOT lie*.

A calculated tone emanated from her response. "Nothing." She shifted
from her position, knowing that her tone would not satisfy her mother.
"Well, nothing that I want to talk about *now".* Rays of light bounced
between hers and her mothers. Her mother's eyes were not like hers. The
were a solid color. Black. The rays girl's kaleidoscopic eyes connected
with her mother's. They said more than words. *I will not discuss this*.
Right now the rest of the Isle would not know Callum had showed her the
planet's surface. Or that it was Callum who had shown her. Such
information was twinned with edges that could cut in the direction of
salvation and of ruination. It was possible that others knew of this
information. Chiana could not tell, and did not want to risk it. The
truth serums that laced her mother's questioning could not always be
avoided.

Her mother paused briefly, hash comparing her observations to the
compressed repository of psychosocial behaviour of Chiana. Her mother
continued, "Is it about Callum?"

She delayed her response as she scoffed internal annoyance of the family
structure that they had. Their four-person familial unit was unique on
Ararat. At times Chiana envied the multiparental families of other Puras
or even the Frequency Connects of the Hybrids that the others on Ararat
shared. At least in those families, there was the chance to form
connections beyond what she had here. And her mother was the worst
connection at times.

"It's not about him" Relief and frustration threaded her response.

"Really? Then what are you so worried about?" Her mother raised her eyes
in disbelief.\
The number of arguments regarding Callum that Chiana had with her mother
was large. She didn't want to enter into another endless fight. Working
to control faint stains of dishonesty dyeing her voice, she replied.

"Nothing."

**Xx though obscuring microexpressions. It is how people defended
themselves against everything around. **

**Xx need to describe that her other pura sister is going to be
reincarnated.** They have a powerful upgrade for us. Our generation
upgrade is going to be more than Â½ of the Pura population will be
upgraded to the nextGen.

Xx remove Fate's skullware. She has a cap on or something like that...
next gen training

With calculated ambivalence, she turned to her plate to eat the other
portion of her nuTreat. With her fingers she placed the food in her
mouth and chewed disinterested. She wasn't hungry. Ciana lightly glanced
up to her her sister, Fates, who sat sitting next to their mother. Fates
was smaller, and younger than Chiana. And Fates had been integrated. She
was different unlike Chiana. She was already smarter and faster than
Chiana could ever hope to be. And Fates seemed to be disinterested in
their reality, not appearing to be directly cognisant of the physical.
Her head bobbed gently and rhythmically as she projecting into in a
Frequency rave. The longing to escape like her sister softened Chiana's
eyes.

Their mother continued continued, "Then I'm going to make this
conversation about him." The voice resonated annoyance.

Chiana took her mother's bait. Her voice strained to control her
emotion. "You can't say anything different than what you've before."

"Do not see him him."

"You've said that before."

"He is dangerous."

"He's harmless!"

"That is false. Statistical models indicate he is close to Rogue. The
social markets on him are tanking. And his rap-scores are increasing. He
is soon to be deemed a potential threat to both himself and to the whole
of Ararat. He is not harmless."

"He has no desire to do anything bad. He just wants to live life his own
way." Chiana defended.

"He does not share his communal mind."

"That does not mean he is against you!"

"And he is already causing you to disconnect from your family."

"That isn't true!"

"It is Chiana. All of it. He is not one of us. He is has more Destroyer
in him than he does Creater. He should be re-imaged. And soon. If you
connect with him again I will disown you"

Silence. The faint bio-acoustics of three distinct hearts filled the
emptiness.The beat from Chiana's breast thumped the loudest.

"And so I will disown you. You are not my mother." Any emotion within
Chiana was voided by the logical evenness of her response.

Chiana stood up abruptly. She looked at her sister with diamond-hard
eyes. "Can you recycle my uneaten?" She turned before Fate could
respond, and calmly thundered to the exit. Before the door had closed
behind her, she bolted into a sprint.

The Arena
---------

The paws silently bounded with a metronomic regularity. Too perfect for
a puric creature. Lex had matched Chiana's pace and bounded next to her.

"Where are you going?" The hybrid feline stated with regal flare in its
non-primate accent.

Chiana slowed only slightly to voice a simple response. "Not saying."
She added, "You can't come."

"Awww, OK." Its voice almost purred with laughter. "Does Jala know that
you were just with Callum? You smell like him!"

The beast always played with her. Reducing her run to a jog, she spoke
"What do you want?"

"My back has a thorough itch that I cannot quite satisfy it. Might I
trouble you to give it some proper attention with your hands?"

"Yuhhhh... " Chiana's grunt turned to words. "You are so annoying!". She
resumed her sprint. Lex could have readily doubled Chiana's speed, but
stopped instead. Chiana didn't look back to see her part-time familiar
crestfallen. The kitfox sat on his paws in disappointed contemplation.

The corridors were now mostly empty. Everyone was at their current
assignments, or was recovering from their recent assignment by frequency
tripping in the freqs. The new frequencies of virtual universes,
accessible only to hybrids, had recently exploded in popularity. Enabled
through the their neural interfaces the rate of info exchanged was
extreme. Chiana couldn't participate. The dermal laces she wore could
not convey the same volume of information as the invasive Auras. She
accelerated around a corner and landed two steps on the wall to redirect
her momentum.

Frustration fueled her speed. Two Shepherds patrolled into an
intersection before she could react. Her agility wouldn't save a
collision. Despite their mass, their reflexive calculations took them
out of her pathway. "Slow down, hashID/pura/Chiana!" They called to her
blurring the identifying preamble in one word. Chiana still had not
grown accustomed to her hash identity. Normally she would listen their
to their warning out of respect. Now she didn't listen at all. Instead,
she sped onwards. Unless an edict was placed against her running in the
halls, the hybrids had no authority over her. Pura's were in control of
themselves in the physical domain. The hallway opened abruptly the the
entry of her destination.

The doors stood staring at nothing, disinterested at Chiana's presence.
Two circles yielded the concentric eye within the inverted triangle that
bulged with vitality on the surface of the door. The logo of the
TriVitae had not changed its patterns displayed adaptic false-wood door
since Chiana could remember. Identity sensors didn't trigger the door's
opening. The Arena's hall's had recently been closed to impromptu
visitations and unscheduled bouts were now disallowed. Chiana wasn't
bothered. Without vis-interfacing she wave-keyed a backdoor signal as
she whispered commands to the entry system. A hidden access portal
unlatched silently . She pushed an invisible release to open the narrow
side door and she confidently strolled through. It sealed as soon as she
had passed. An inhale inflated her lungs with relief. She had been
holding her breath. Callum had shown Chiana how to sneak into the Arena
and to do it without without getting caught. Her memory twinged. *He
isn't dangerous!* A staccato stride carried Chiana towards the dance
chambers.

The ornate decorations of the long hallway played its static movie as
the patterns danced to Chiana's eyes. The ageing aesthetics emphasized
the former glory of the Arena's importance. It was the only area on the
Isle where all Sentient life could simultaneously congregate en masse.
Now, the newGen puras and hybrids didn't relish in the artistic voids,
nor did they continue to congregate.

As she sprinted through scanning point, Chiana waved a command as she
sung the softwaric command to everpresent sensors. "Areeaf\#\#\#\#\#"
The frequencies carried very pure information in a fraction of a second.

A lighfly insectal fluttered its clear wings from an unnoticeable nook
and folded its wings over her eyes. The the transparent wings did not
distort the path that danced past her as she continued to run. Another
insectal landed on her scalp. It allowed Chiana to mentally control the
information projected by the lighfly onto her Retina. Immediately,
Chiana could see the location and the status of the five chambers that
were centered within the heart of Ararat. Three chambers were at the
same level as Chiana that formed an equilateral triangle around the
central lobby. Chiana preferred these chambers when she was not in a
scored competition. Their acoustics were harder to anticipate,
increasing the intrigue of the dancepar bouts.

These Chambers were unavailable. Both right now, and for the coming
weeks; they were reserved for hackball tournaments. Chiana looked into
the status of the two other chambers.

One chamber was directly above the Arena's center. The other was
directly below the arena's center. In the projections on Chiana's eyes,
each chamber marked an apex of an equilateral hexahedron. The simplex
structure was among with the most basic of connectivity geometries.

"Get fract". Chiana mouthed silently. The other two chambers were also
unavailable.

The lower camber was still under repair as it had been for months.
Repairs had kept it closed it for months.There was no reason listed for
why the upper chamber was unavailable.

Her momentum stopped enabling her to more cleanly interface with the
lighfly.

"\#\#\#\#\#\#"

She sung in softwaric with frequencies that could only be made by a Pura
who had been trained since birth. She gestured a command confirm her
physicality and to enable the sudoer-query that gave her higher
clearance. The visproj responded with the projected message. There was
an event in the upper chamber. It was invite-only. Chiana sung
additional notes to try to hack into insectal for more information. The
lighfly did not budge from Chiana's futile attempts to control it. The
unhackable creature chirped a kind suggestion. Chiana could use the
lower camber. The dance floor within it was functional, despite the
construction work that was going on. However, access to the chamber was
more challenging. The security system had was on higher guard during the
construction and every access tunnel to the lower chamber was blocked,
presumably due to the repairs. To get to the lower camber, Chiana she
would have to go into the center of the Arena. The center of the Arena
seemed barren, hoping to expose her presence. *I don't care if I get
caught. I will dance right now.*

Annoyance shaded the lilts of the softwaric melodies that came Chiana.
"\#\#\#\#\#\#"

The insectal responded as commanded, showing information that would help
her to avoid detection. A route using access and low-volume tunnels
could take her to the center of the Arena. Chiana could at least get to
the center of the Arena using access tunnels. She was off immediately
with her speed returning with a confident chicanery.

Stationary aesthetics wrapped the tunnel from floor to ceiling. As
Chiana ran down the hallway, the patterns were no longer stationary. The
aesthetics became alive as they danced around her. Ridges of the
tunnel's sculpted walls wove in and out in networks that grew with the
geometry of nerves branching with fractal chaos. The kinesthetic art ran
with Chiana's unchanged velocity she ran towards her immediate future.

*I'm going to find a way to dance.*

Chiana's movement stopped as she reached the door that discretely
accessed the center of the Arena. Chiana remained unseen as she looked
for any activity through the door's semi-transparent visage.

She quickly looked around as she painted the structure the room from her
memory. The three sides of the room rose upwards and arching inward.
Ornate carvings rippling with info carving and ascended upwards along
the three arches that stemmed from the corners of the room. By pushing
against the Pillar of stairs that threaded through its center, the Dome
filled it's lungs with an arcing breath. The central pillar, radiated
upwards from the floor and downwards from the room's apex as twinned
stairs spiraled upwards along a shared axis.

Her cursory examination of the room didn't reveal anything moving within
her view. She looked more closely, scanning her eyes carefully to absorb
more information.

At the Chamber's center, the staircase drew Chiana's attention first.
Wrot patterns growing like the scales of a tropical snake lined the
shape of each of the stairs with geometric symmetry. Their lines
branched in a shattered waterfall as the stairs danced against gravity
as they fell with gravity. The symmetry of their dragon was radially
geometrically perfect.

But the perfect symmetry of the dragon stairs was broken.

Their colorings reflected, or not reflected by the railings were in a
diametric opposition. One railing glowed with reflection, that seemed
either radiated or ricochet every frequency of the ambient light as if
it were both a mirror, and a source of light. For the other railing
every packet of light that landed upon it as its black body was stolen
light into darkness.

Chiana did not feel the representational magnitude of the stairs as they
conjured two forces in opposition, yet moving in unison. The stairs
symbolized both non-euclidian connectionism, and the three elements of
existence. The power of the stairs' factured meaning did not cross to
Chiana while she looked at their base. Like twisting snakes disappearing
into water, the staircases spun downwards. Chiana needed to follow their
geodesic downwards to the chamber below.

Her eyes focused on the other features within the room. Static
two-dimensional art peppered the walls. But the added dimension of five
other ancient surfaceborn artifacts stole her focus away from the walls.
The statues always seemed to stand waiting for her to arrive. Waiting
for anything to arrive. Hidden from her light of sight, but not from her
memory, a sixth statue stood behind the entwined stair cases.

The nearest statue sat in frozen contemplation. Chiana could only see
his back, naked in the cold air around him. She saw in her imagination,
every detail of the rest of him. His head rested upon the fist, the
elbow angled against his knee. Along the circumference of their circle,
the five other statues positioned themselves at equal arcs. Chiana could
only see two of them without obstruction. To the right an elegantly
muscled man, likely a warrior, held something to his neck as he stood in
dominance from afar. Another marbled memory stood nearby and lacked her
arm. Short haired, stoic, and topless, she stood unimpressed with her
surroundings.

The octet of statues gazed in stoic silence, seemingly into the
direction of their past. The stoned artifacts provided one of the few
hard portals that connected the present deeply into their past. A past
so distant away, their history was known better then their future.

A distant past, when the total recorded information was miniscule. With
more information recorded, and processed, the probabilities of their
futures was known better than the probabilistic histories of their past.
Now, the future was more fortold than the past.

For all *Genera Vitae*, the records of their past had been distorted and
reshaped. No sentient claimed that they knew their true history.
Research on true history no longer produced any information that had any
tradable merit in the information economy. History was rarely a topic
that consume the computations cycles that focused on future simulation.
Even so, given with the inability pursue scientific inquiry on the
planet below, finding their true history was deemed impossible. Without
a consensus of any of their history, the statutes and art provided one
of the few vestiges of their past that had not been disintigrated. by
the information wars.

Their shared past had only one true story. A true story that they could
never know. The possibilities of the past that was less certain than the
possibilities of the future. Every history, written in their knowledge
stores were in direct contradition of the others. They homogenized
truths and falsities structured with entropy in its design in the
information wars. Only histories, based on probability could be
established. In contemplation at the statues, Chiana had some of the
facts with highest chance-of-truth. Some of those facts surface of her
mind. She thought of those probable-facts as the shape of the statue.

*Stay present Chiana!*

Looking through the visage of the portal to her the access tunnel,
Chiana could see one of the two portals that coupled to the twinned
staircases. The other portal faced the opposite direction. This made it
safer that Chiana's illicit endeavours would go unseen.

Chiana looked to the two other entrances in the Arena's center through
the false transparency of her hidden entrance. Together with the
backdoor that Chiana waited behind, the two circular doors formed an
equilateral triangle, that were rotated to sit between the three portals
that led to the dance chambers.

The doors of the two primary entrances were large beyond the size of who
would walk through them. The door to Chiana's right presented the
grandiose pathway from the domains of the Puras. Carvings upon the
door's surface wielded a beauty of stories of actual historical pasts.
The correct interpretation of the historical pasts remained unknown. The
door on the left constructed a functionally redursive design that
enhanced structural features of the door. This door lead to the domains
of the Hybrids. The softwaric commands masked her presence from the
millions of hidden sensors and insectals that could report her status. A
humanoid could detect her easily if they were present as she crossed the
lobby. To maintain the stolen pleasures of practicing dancepar on her
own, she needed to remain unnoticed. At present, nothing living moved
within the room.

Chiana's fingers danced as she gestured the key to released the portal's
locks. *Now!* The Door opened, directly revealing the center of the
Arena, just as empty as it had been. Her path was clear to get to the
stairs. The weight on her feet shifted to move her forward. She smoothed
her swift but silent movement across the floor. Chiana as she her eyes
and thoughts focused on the Sentinel statues. Each of the statues faced
the staircases as they entwined in spiral unison. The sentinels were not
guarding the Arena from the outside. They were guarding the outside from
the Arena.

A color change triggered in Chiana's right peripheral. Instinct moved
her.

In two bounding leaps, Chianas body launched to arrive out of sight. She
had only barely seen the person, hopefully the person did not see her.
She stopped all movement as her back rested against the Thinking
Sentinal. She could not be be heard. She stopped all of her
bioaccoustics. She stopped her breath. She stopped her heart.

Her body stored itself within a cold stillness. The radiant heat
decreased as her core drew inward and the convective temperature loss to
her surroundings diminished. With all non-vital organs operating at
basal metabolism, she could only begin to match the equilibrated
stillness of the statues guarding the room.

The volume of the echoeing footsteps increased. They were approaching
Chiana. From where she surmized they were now, they would have already
seen her, had she not let her instinct take control of her limbs as she
darted to her hiding position.

Her heart remained stopped, and radiant heat decreased as she sent her
body calming signals to decrease metabolism of her engineered cells.

The light taps of footsteps on the hardened floor moved with a pseudo
regularity.

*It's a hybrid! Freq!*

She strained her eyes upward without moving her head, to look for a a
paired lifly that connected the hybrid. The lifly would the entire room,
and report anomalous features within the roomw. An increased certainty
of becoming caught came to Chiana.

*Freq! *

Her ears listened with extreme for the gentle fluttering of the lifly as
it scanned the room.

There was nothing but the sounds of movement that reflected off the
curvature of the arched. The footsteps got louder. Sounds filled all of
her senses, as they helped Chiana to use the vibrations in her ears, to
see something blocked from her eyes. *Something's not right.* Something
wasn't right. The sound of their motion. The Hybrid was in autopilot.
Their awareness of the physical was under represented. They were not
fully present in their physical presence. The steps neared.

Warmth from her core bled through her arms. The heart resumed its
pumping the necessary blend of molecules and elements to her motionless
muscles. They moved under her command, giving her a crouched to get more
information about the Hybrid's state.

Their body slid from sight as the walked into the opened portal and
their identity was concealed. A Visage masked their face and adorned
their commonthreads.

*Is this a meeting of the TriVitae? *

The council of the TriVitae could be held unexpectedly. It was part of
their undefined governance. The identity of the members who were on the
council were not known. And if their identity was identified, a randomly
chosen citizen would inherit their position. Anyone of age, could become
leader, with or without experience. The block-chained governance had
ensured

If everyone had the opportunity to become the hierarchical
representation of their GeneraVitae. And secrecy was necessary to
represent.

Another body, masqued with a Visaged, walking in an alternate reality as
they shuffled to the stairs.

*Is it a Masquerade?*

The annual festival of connection hadn't happened for over a Decade, the
last time a Masquerade was held. At that time Chiana was too young to
participate. In the first four years of her life she could only see the
effects of the masquerade on others of Ararat. Chiana had heard
descriptive stores from puras and from hybrids who had fully shared
their frequencies. They told Chiana of the primal impact the masquerade
had on their existential states, both physical and non physical. The
connections found in the Masquerade, had once been essential.

*I bet it isn't a masquerade.* *I would surely be invited. *

Two pairs of feet carried individuals from the domain of the Puras. They
were talking. Their voices disguised by their Visages as effectively as
their faces. The way they moved could revealed the GeneraVitae they
belonged to. One was Pura with steps flowing in majestic ease.

The shared origin of the dissimilar pair struck Chiana with unease.

*Puras and Hybrids don't associate outside of the assignment or the
Freqs. *

Deduction took over Chiana's mind. The logic of their hidden words
provided Chiana an answer that she did not want to hear.

*Maybe it It is Masquerade! *

An flicker of disappointment touched Chiana. The conclusion seemed
likely. *Why was I not told!?* Her prior frustrations kindled to a fire.
The flamed burned in the repressed tones of her voice "Nullfreq".

Her desire kindled into into thoughts.

*Find a way into the sub-chamber without being detected. *

Her thoughts embered with knowledge.

*Their Visages project an altered reality that they share. I am without
a Visage. As I am without a Visage, perhaps those realities will not
include me, because I am not wearing a Visage.* Another pura entered and
walked into the halls gateway. Chiana tested her hypothesis. She crept
delicatelyinto the chamber. Her position should be obvious to the Pura.
It was also close enough so that she could escape into the access tunnel
behind her. The Pura's movement remained in indifferent to her presence.
She seemed safe.

*Go for it!*

She held her breath and slipped her body in rapid silence to the
sub-chamber entrance. Nothing indicated that her presence was revealed.
Back in safety from immediate discovery, her breath branched through
her. As did her annoyances.

She took the staircase as it spiraled downwards to the entrance to the
sub-chamber. The halls' dark volume swallowed her. Even though it wasn't
as vaulted as the main chamber, the back-up chamber's vast hemispherical
dome could still host the entirety of physical sentient life living
within Ararat. Powerful lights warmed to immerse the dance field's
center gently sharing their brilliance with the chamber's periphery.
Chiana precisely surveyed the position of the sonic transducers placed
around the center of the parabolic chamber. Their placement was
essential to estimating the dynamic sonic energy that would soon fill
the space. Normally, the transducers were arranged uniformly around the
hemisphere. Now, they lined in a spiral pattern that fled outwards as
seeds following the lines of Fibonnaci arcs.

She walked directly to the center of the field. Her eyebrows tilted
intrigue

> *This will be fun.*

Excitement spurred her tantric habit. She focused on her essence state.
A fire of aggregated gently tension burned at her focus. Chiana stopped.
She needed to center herself. She concentrated on her prana. Breath
filled her lungs and released, spiking the O2 in her blood. Breath
whittled thorns from the stems of her consciousness as clarity
innervated within her. Xx add innervate more places in here

The identity sensors analyzed Chiana's visible and hidden biometrics to
identify her with no possibility of confusion. Actuators triggered to
reposition the sonic transducers as she approached. The buzzing of
miniature wings flapping in phased unison touched her ears. The insectal
swarm hovered close. The faint movement of air cooled her neck. Chiana
raised her eyes and nodded. The swarm condensed. From the back of
Chiana's head, the insectals landed and assembled. The hybridized
insectals positioned their triangular black bodies in a simplex assembly
to shroud her face.

Their delicate steps tickled a barely observable smile from Chiana as
their delicate bodies settled in place and sealed tightly around her
ears. silence severed the frequencies of sounds that connected with
Chiana's hearing. Darkness eclipsed her eyes as two lighflies landed to
cover each of her opened eyes. Chianas senses were blanketed in
isolation.

The assembly of Chiana's Visage was complete. Only multicolored gemstone
hues of the liflies accented the black crown that crowned her head. As
the assembly of insectals began to read her metrics, the backs of the
liflies changed color patterns. As the insectal assembly probed Chiana's
metrics, the backs of the liflies' swirled in colors of higher frequency
greens and blues that clawed against in a maelstrom with broken veins of
gold. The changing hash-pattern became approached equilibrium as the
measured elements of Chiana's unique essence-state became complete. The
maelstrom of colors stopped.

Her expanded reality began.

Projected light touched its photons to Chiana's retinas to reveal a
blurred world. The foggy solidified into a reality beyond the physical
while Chiana's mind adapted. Her mind embraced the information.
Insectals recorded the electrical activity her brain. They used it to
control how quickly they painted the expanded universe within Chiana's
mind. Seeing in nearly all directions with just the eyes was impossible
without training. The information density could cause neurons to spike
with unfit shouts that pulled the gut. The increase in information
presented to the mind needed to increase gradually, otherwise it would
recoil in with information burn.

The added computation stole oxygen and sugar from her blood to assist in
her electrochemical computations. An increasing heat warmed her directly
to the core. Chiana breathed deeply and relaxed increased her
circulation increased.

The Visage read the patterns of chianas mind, and Adapted. It customized
the information presented to Chiana. The feedback optimized the speed
her mind could dissolve the light into expanded sight. The device hacked
past the flaws still present in her intentionally engineered biologics.

Chiana's Visage slowly painted the universe beyond her physical
existence. The emptiness around her condensed into multidimensional
shapes. The life within them controlled the movement of the shapes, with
an empty presence. A green-blue spheroid touched a solid orange
tetrahedron. A shatter of colors radiated sparkles of beauty for Chiana.
Like pets performing tricks before a disinterested master, their efforts
did not gain Chiana's attention.

Chiana relaxed her muscles and flexed her mind. Resting layers of her
perception awakened in pulses. The bow of her vision warped into a
greater sphere. Colors bled together in confusion and settled before the
next wave flowed. Every direction fed some light into the receptors that
reshaped the projection onto Chiana's enhanced retinas. Chiana was
present in an alternate reality.

Shifting to the dimensional vision strained Chiana's synaptic loads.
Relaxation brought geometric clarity to her sight. She took a few steps
to get used to the motion with the hyperbolic view, augmented with
unphysical. There was no nausea, there was no pain. She had fully
adjusted to the reality unfamiliar to her genetics.

From top to sides, arcs stemmed to the ceiling, with speakers sprouting
from them. The flowery pattern arked predictably. Some leaves waxed
virtual in her periphery. In Chiana's practice with the dimensional
vision, she hadn't yet eliminated all of the blind spots.

The next transition presented freckles of different shades of the
surroundings. The atmosphere had an aura enabling Chiana to see the air
itself. Terrahertz scanners sparkled her vision with majestic accents.
She could see pockets of the air's density. To adjust, she moved her
hand in front of her face as she curled her fingers. The air trailed the
tips of her fingers with wisps of chaotic embroidery. The air sparkled
with information.

A twinge of unconscious worry turned Chiana' gaze past her hands to the
entrance. She assured herself, *No one is going to come.* *I will
dance.* She returned her gaze to the field and stepped towards its
circular boundaries. .

Dancepar 
---------

Xx make it more obvious what is going on in the masquerade and dancepar.
Spell out damage more clearly. Describe it more before going into it?

Xx Need to make EboDae have a physical simulant? actually use this
metaphor. Like the ants in the tropical biome, stitching their bodies to
form structural assemblies, the insectals coalesced into a solid form
around Dioro.

The world shifted around her as she stepped onto the field. Visage
expanded her vision, allowing her to see into non-physical domain, while
enhancing her perception of the physical domains. The Arena spoke
through Chiana's mask. "Welcome back, Chiana." Vibrations touched
Chiana's ears in an assembly of every voice that had ever been recorded.

Their sound was perfect. And other-wordly. When she was young, the eery
voice was uncomfortable. Chiana thought she had gotten past this. But
now, single voices pushed through the superposition of compression
waves.

They continued. "Is there a particular dance you are interested in?"

*Are my mother's voice dominating their vo-call frequencies?* She paused
to replay the words over in her memory. *I don't think so.* A
realization came to Chiana. *My frustration is spilling into my auditory
perception.* Chana did not act against the observation. *"*Something
that can actually beat me. Something unique. Mix it up." Her voice
revealed more frustration than any competitor would want to.

"We shall do so... this will be impossible for the training Simulacra.
Would you like to score this with a living Simulacra session instead?"
More of her mother's voice came through. *Is the Arena goading me? *

Chiana had remained undefeated for over 100\#\#\# dancepar abouts. Her
ability in the dancepar was without equal.

"Score it."

Excitement and emotion threatened her domination. *I am undefeated in
Dancepar. I am a Chosen.* She continued her voCals knowing that
intimidation would not have any effect on the her opponent's
algorithms."There is little chance to for you to succeed." The self
encouragement was a sword with a hilt covered in glass. The relaxed
lines on Chiana's face displayed the confidence that could be found
within her.

The arena's response had no change in it's sound spectra. "Perhaps,
given your emotional state, it is more likely that it is you you who
have little chance." Chiana didn't didn't visibly respond to the
call-out. The voice continued "hashID/sim/eb0daee3, Eb0dae, will be your
opponent."

Eb0dae appeared in Chiana's retina. Its visage melded characteristics of
puras, hybrids and S.animas to form a humanoid. Its eye's glowed with a
fractured colors behind the black patterned mask that covered it's
avatar. Their eyes looked like a symmetric mirror Their eyes were the
identical.

A Simulacrum was a simulation of human conscious puppeted the
visualization of Chiana's opponent. This simulacrum wore exactly the
same mask she had constructed herself. *Maybe it is flipped projection?*

"Is this a joke? You're copying my movements?" The response shocked her
words into silence. The simulated vibrations from Eb0Dae meshed in
perfect unison with Chiana's words.

*"*Yes, we are. To initialize your opponent". The Arena spoke.

Chiana moved towards towards eb0dae. Her opponent moved exactly towards
her in flipped movements. They stopped and shifted their feet to the
side.

"This is not a game!" their separate voices were indistinguishable.

*"You know what this is Chiana."*

They were right. Chiana knew what this was. It was a game. Against a
non-physical replicate of herself. Her digital clone.

Eb0dae eyes darted arrows at Chiana. Chiana's eyes mirrored the volley.
Their bodies moved in radial symmetry. Chiana and Ebodae moved to speak.

"Tell me! What is going on?" The two asked.

"A riddle you must answer. If you win, you will lose. If you lose, you
will win. What will you choose?"

As Chiana and Eb0Dae's heads twisted in perfect unison, the Sentients
responded in anticipation to their confused cognition. They answered
their impending question.

"Any Simulacra can easily be simulated to have a prowess that exceeded
any Pura. This is is why every Simulacra is created only with, at most,
the theoretical best attributes attainable through genetics and
training. These simulacra defeated you 1497 times. Then you grew. The
best Simulacra couldn't be beaten by you. You exceeded the highest
calculated potential of a Pura. Our calculations were flawed. We have
grown from what we learned in the errors of our models." The tone
shifted, "Presently, you are perfect copies of each other. That will
change. Time will break the symmetry of your existence. Your opponent is
yourself."

Xx describe the results, that this is likely a perfect simulation of
her. And this is a test.

Xx describe that Chiana learns that she is being watched.

Understanding and confusion tightened the muscles tensioning their jaws.
S.animas pre-responded to their frustrated confusion.

"You will find struggle, when there is none. You will find peace, when
there is none. To fight yourself and win is to fight yourself and lose."
S.animas voice terminated.

The seeds of music planted their beats. Mental melodies danced around
the growing bars. With sounds from her mind, Chiana painted music around
the growing bass. Chiana's masque read a fraction of her neuronal
patterns. Her thoughts thoughts projected to the sounds created by the
Arena. From the speakers the electric signals shimmered into sonic
waves.

Pulsations embraced the opponents. Simultaneously, the two bowed their
heads in respect. Four basal depths set a primal rhythm. The life
branched through her body to steal the air from her lungs. She
compensated. Modulating her breathing pattern, Chiana continued the
steady stream of oxygen her muscles would soon crave. As a massive
assembly of algorithmic organs, her opponent could not feel as she did.

*Simulacra don't exist in the physical. My physicality is my advantage.*

Their tandem mental melodies encircled the bass as it thickened the air.
They turned around themselves in counterbalanced circles. The air
crescendoed as their equipoise tightened.

Non-physical beings hadn't transitioned the to the same phase of
consciousness, despite their almost-equivalence in the dancepar. No
Simulacra had yet passed the Puric tests of Sentience. *This is my
domain.* Chiana coaxed herself. *That is not my copy of myself.*

A jagged tone split the bass between them. Their dancepar began.

Tones rippled rapidamente. They lept at each other. The symmetries of
their attacks was vertically symmetric. Each dodged the other with an
instantaneous-echo. Music of their mind warmed the air with patterned
geometries that were painted unison. The Arena virtualized their musical
strikes. Jagged colors flew between the two. Forming nodes would reduce
their score if their resonant peaks dephased from the dancing bodies.
Chiana and Eb0dae blended their bodies with waves of the sound to
minimize damage.

Each accelerated against the steady rhythm in tandem. With a succession
phrased parries, and slurred thrusts, they carved against each other
with parallel slashes, and perpendicular dodges. Chiana swept her feet
with a quick glissade to pivot away from the attacks. Their symmetry was
perfect. A sweep of basal phrases peppered a vacuum in her lungs. Both
of the dancers stumbled the slightest. With countering melodies, Chiana
and Eb0dae responded in perfect unison to tame the power of the bass.

The virtual damage seeded random. They moved, phase-delayed. They were
no longer the same. Chiana took two articulated leaps carried her past a
massive sonic node that emerged in the space between them. The sonic
wall bubbled with virtual energy. Chiana didn't respond quickly enough.
The damage seared her. Unlike other standard dancepar the damage points
were not displayed by her Visage.

Chiana's mind painted an Aura that connected to insectals. Virtual and
real. The two sung an attack at each other. Chiana dodged the identical
attacks, the her on her neck dangling from the air that they stirred on
the back of her neck as they flew past. An impact from these phyical
strikes would have done considerable damage to Chiana's flesh. Her flesh
could be repaired with medicine. A successful strike against her
opponent would have damaged only the simulation of her opponent. That
damage could be repaired through re-initialization

A trickle of fear touched Chiana. It swelled to a river.

*Now!*

A crescendo from her mind decorated the bars of their melodic repartee.
It dualed with the tones of EboDae, struggling equally to find dominance
over the simulacrum. Their bodies moved with the sounds. Their bodies
dodged the attacks, both physical and nonphysical that they conjured at
each other.

The rapidamente barrage of musical attacks stopped sharply.

A fermata in the beats yielded cut the capacity of of their attacks.
With the softening silence, their bodies gently pulsed with the warbled
beats. *I have to be not me.* The answer to her challenge came
immediately. *Fight a-rhythmically!*

The two moved in fluid resonance with the music as the Chiana observed
Eb0dae. The Sim created motions that she had never seen. The flowing
motions of the Simulacrum painted a kinesthetic canvas. There was a
beauty that she had not seen before in a Simulacra. She calculated the
means to conquer the beauty.

They formed their music into blinding bolts of sound. The two dancer's
separated. Musical damage scraped away their scores. In a split, the
powerful beats rolled away. Eb0dae lept through the barrier before it
had completely dissipated. Chiana did not. The symmetry broke while
their dance continued.

A fluttering of touch strikes paired with a triplets of beats. The
strikes were well timed and properly placed. The strikes were equally
well timed and avoided. Spatial awareness called warning to her as she
neared the field's boundary. Touching the the pressure skin would
trigger her immediate loss. She corrected her defensive blocks to
position her further from the wall.

Chiana's mind passively sieved through the frequencies to find
predictive keys hidden in the rhythms. Programmed with penrose-disorder,
emergent aesthetics painted the rhythm's vitality. The beat would soon
evolve.

Both opponents anticipated the shift. Chiana mirrored the the
Simulacrum's intensity. They attacked each other with three
touchstrikes.

*Was I more rhythmic?* Chiana's lead was unknown.

They had guided their position to the center of the field.

A preemptive shift in the beats crystallized the formation of more sound
walls. Chiana backed away slightly. She stopped. Sonic symmetry halted
her steps. She didn't need to see it. She had given her opponent the
same trap. Sound nodes boxed Eb0dae's backward motion. They were
shrinking their field.

In their temporarily restricted dance field the music nucleated sound
nodes at positions. Eb0dae acted first. A white fortissimo phrased
damaging shards of sonics towards Chiana. Eb0dae's eyes connected with
Chiana's. Chiana could not anticipate herself. Her decoding of Ebodae's
hidden expressions was wrong. The notes were built in rhythms of
fractalized frequencies. The Sim bended between Chiana's defensive bars,
pressing towards Chiana. Chiana retreated. Each step Chiana took guided
her closer to the field's boundary. The pura deflected the virtual
strikes, but could not avoid damage from from the sonic edges. Chiana
lept reflexively against the beat patterns, costing further sonic
damage. Her lungs begged for air.

*Too much. I lost too much. *

The sinews of her muscles tightened. Chiana didn't need to count the
number. She had never before lost so many points, so quickly.

*I can win this. She is just a copy.*

The beat pattern changed and the dancers followed, as they altered their
offensive positions.

*I will win*. *Think with your body. Not with your brain. *

Chiana trilled a triple feint in unison with the beat, and then followed
with a directed attack. The motions coupled in awesome unison with an
expanding ambient pulse. She advanced briefly, her instinct was wrong. .
The node fizzled. At the same instant, a extremal wave struck Chiana in
the left cheek. She reacted too slowly. Without the ear protection, the
sonic strike would have ruptured her genetically reinforced ear-drums.
Blood escaped the confines of her facial capillaries, slightly heating
her skin as the bruise worked to the surface. The damage was both real,
and musical.

*Shizna.* Chiana stumbled slightly into a well-defendable stance while
sound nodes peppered their arena. *How can I win this?*

Her mind organically parsed the frequencies for a key. Shaded valleys
dampened the colored hills. Within the landscape, patterns hid within
patterns. Some were real. Many were not. Intuition coerced Chiana to
move from protected position as she energetically weaved through
fizzling nodes in attack. Two hits landed. Both were well timed, but
poorly placed. They could not have not induced much damage. Sweat began
to flicker of her body as she moved to the sound, and moved to defend.

*I'm not winning.* Instinct interjected an assertion. *I am being
watched.* The thought jolted her from her computational meditation.

A sound swallowed her back into its swelling ocean. She tumbled with it.
The sonic barrier shattered around them. Their competitive competition
resumed. Chiana and Eb0Dai lowered their gravity's centers in pulsations
of aesthetic unison. Tribal movements carved Chiana's form as she
positioned to strike.

The beat shifted. Chiana anticipated it with a barrage of melodic
arrows. Ebodae dissolved the sounds and bent them backwards. The musical
returned its attack on Chiana. Chiana moved in defense. Eb0dae continued
with touch attacks.

Chiana stumbled. She could not anticipate the combined music and touch
attacks. Her mind virtualized a musical firewall.

Eb0dae's melodic stream could not be damned.

Chiana's body took over. It melded with the music.

Chiana blanked.

Eb0Dae attacked. Chiana attacked. Chiana could not remember.

*Did I gain points. Or did she?*

The results of the dual were uncertain. The combined uncertainties of
her score, ensured ignorance. Chiana did not know who was ahead. Still,
Chiana felt behind.

*I am losing. *

The Sim echoed music with skill non pareil to Chiana's experience. New
Sims were more difficult to fight. There were fewer priors to go on.
Chiana had every piece of information of herself that she would ever
need. Yet Eb0dae was harder than any Sim.

*Are you really me?*

New beats ripped into the ambiance. Chiana and Eb0dae defended
themselves against the attacks of the musical environment. A storm of
colored sounds abeyed the battle.

Chiana observed her opponent. It created and moved to music beyond the
capability of any other Simulacrum. Eb0Dae music that Eb0Dae hinted of
recklessness. A recklessness that Chiana could not find in herself.

*Eb0Dae's has a goal different than my own. She yearns for something
more.* The thought evaporated as Chiana countered a syncopated barrage.

*I must attack differently than her.* She looked into her body. The
memory of her muscles was essential to her agile responses. It was also
predictable. Chiana took her body into her mind. At the threshold of
taking rhythm damage Chiana lunged to shift her step pattern. Eb0dae
smoothly repositioned itself in the to stay *en guarde*.

A snap broke the sound. Chiana attacked *coup de main,* with no regard
for musical aesthetics, and taking damage. Her partner's simulated
response was slowed by rhythm, giving Chiana two touch strike's on her
opponent.

*I am behind.*

The beats shifted in her favor. Chiana threw a volley of staccato
tremolos, slashed sound at Eb0dae. Chiana's hits were well- placed.
Eb0dae's virtual facade nor body reacted with observable emotion. It
would not would waste simulated energy to do so. Instead, it back
stepped to the beat.

*I can do it.*

Chiana pushed back for another touch strike. Eb0Dae, countered
musically. A sonic node bubbled with reds, grazing her head. Chiana
couldn't avoid the damage as she backed away.

Eb0dae lunged. Chiana reacted reflexively and stumbled slightly. Her
balance teetered. She tumbled to avoid strike damage. Instead her rhythm
score plummeted.

As she returned to her feet. The hint of a body shadowed in the darkened
edges of the room caught Chianas. *Shizna.* She looked for the outline
for confirmation. There was nothing there. The distraction delayed her
responses to the music. Her rhythm score plumited. Before Chiana could
her movement with the music, Eb0dae had painted a concentric wave of
sound that began to collapse in a spherical light storm around Chiana. .
Without conscious thought, the Chiana's neurons fired in patterns that
her Visage read clearly. The two patterns moving within the frequencies,
expanding and collapsing towards each other. In hundredths of a second,
Chiana had nullified Ebodae's multi frequency attack.

Only Chiana could have nullified Ebodae's strike, because only Chiana
knew the the strike pattern. She had imagined the strike, the evening
before in one of her dream training sessions.

With a frequency of its own, the realization of the truth struck both of
the competitors. Acceptance of the truth burned like a delaying fuse
within them. *She is me.* They looked at each other. The projected
manifold that formed the curves of Ebodae's face told Chiana that they
had both realized the same. *I am her.*

The fuses were uneven. Ebodae launched in first. Red sounds slashed with
plucked phrases that aimed for Chiana. Chiana wove her head through the
staccatoed pigments as they shaded into pinks around her head. With each
pulse, a physicality within the sounds breezed past her. As though
connecting phrases Chiana rounded the attacks back to her opponent. .
With memory of words calmed Chiana with an uneven certainty.

*To fight yourself is to cause your destruction. *

Ebodae cycled the insectal bullets back towards Chiana. The words of
S.animas grew within Chiana's mind. The warm of the mass of sound grew
as Ebodae recircled the insectal bullets back towards Chiana.

*If I continue fight, I will only lose. *

Chiana's aura painted the sonic strikes but not directly at Ebodae. The
two reshaped the directed attacks into a melody that circled in a halo
around them.

*In order to win. *

Chiana hesitated in her steps. Eb0dae did not.

*I must lose.*

Eb0dae seized the broken symmetry. She attacked with full force lunging
at Chiana as she sung softwaric to conjure a barrage of sound. Chiana
did not think about her reactions. As water passing the rocks in the
central river \#\#, the attacks rushed over and around Chiana. She moved
with the strikes, and shuffled the back. With a shot of softwaric, a
bolt of sound struck her opponent from behind. To Chiana, damage to
Ebodae seemed significant, but not a fraction of the damage that she had
suffered from the strikes of Ebodae. The joust ended as a sonic node
again calmed their melee.

Chiana stopped, moving with the surrounding sounds. As looked directly
into Eb0Dae's eyes, Chiana took both of her knees to the ground and
brought her hands together. She bowed as she conceded to Ebodae.

The dancing connections of the aural sculptures faded from her projected
surroundings. Her reality retreated into the physical. The glowing
sparkles of the atmospheric information no longer flickered on the
projections from her Visage. Their shared symphony resonated in fading
echoes within the room.

*Something is weird*. Chiana concentrated on her augmented vision. There
were irregularities. Faintly edges lit the darkened chamber that
surrounded them. A tracing silhouette stood still at the edge of her
field. The shadows covering the humanic form masked just as much as the
insectals that created her Visage.

*I am being watched!*

Blended colors painted a confusion within her. *They seeing a copy of
me.* Both of Chiana's knees slumped to the to the ground. *They are
seeing me lose to my copy. *

Defeat chilled Chiana's arms.

"It is over" she signaled the que for an abbreviated salutation in their
match. The simulant nodded in empathy. The simulant would know exactly
what Chiana was feeling.

Ebodae spoke as she looked into dioro's eyes.

"We are imperfect."

The intonation of her response triggered a knowledge belief within
Chiana. Ebodae was also confused. She nodded back as she spoke "May we
shape our perfection together."

Their connection faded and ebodae shimmered away. Chiana could see only
blackness of as she reconnected to physical reality. Its grounding
presence incited chiana's worried curiosity to linger.

*Who is watching me?*

From the top of her head downward, the Insectals decoupled from her
visage. The lighflies fluttered away, spilling the flood of the light
seeking to tell the truth to her eyes.

Ararat
------

A warming relief surrounded Chiana's heart. The outline was of her
sister's body.

She knew an instance before she could see.

*Something is definitely weird.*

Fates stood still. Her pupils dilated slightly silently as her hear beat
with an increased greater frequency. The blushed colors of her cheeks
impressed the reaction of a dumbfound awe and a worry flickered in her
eyes. She could only speak with her silence.

"How long have you been here Fates?" Chiana's internal chemistry shifted
back into a non maximal performance.

She delayed her answer. "For long enough." The textured spectrum of her
voice carried an understanding of something beyond the gravity of
Chiana's defeat. She tilted her head slightly

Chiana worked to shifter body into a lower maintenance equilibrium. As
she did so, her perceptive abilities were compromised.

Fate's continued "You,", "you were amazing out there."

Chiana chuckled. "Which one of us".

"Uh. You of course, but also\... the other you. Your-"

"Haha" Chiana's laugh came from a bitter comedy.

"Hahaha" Fate's interjected with her own laughs. The timing of her
laughs coupled with Chiana's, A true laughter broke out between them
until a form of relaxation faded between them.s

She began to relax. A loving silence extended for several seconds.

Chiana shifted topics. "Why did you..,?" Her curiosity pivoted. "How did
you get in"\
"The doors were open."

"You're lying they weren't open."

"Maybe you're right?"

Chiana returned to her first question.

"So.. why are you here."

"Well, I wanted to come find you after your tiff with mom. But a few of
my softlinks had surged in bandwidth, I had to, I wanted to keep them
open as long as possible." She paused, "But I came!"

Chiana could tell that there was more. "Really Fates, tell me the truth.
Why did you come?"

"That is, well, you won't get weird at me will you."\
"Of course not Fate. We're family."

"I had softlinks to a," she paused and continued expecting that Chiana
would scold her, "To a black frequency." A memory snippet had just been
pushed to a memory repository in the blackfreqs. I checked it out. The
memory was from someone, or from something that was danceparing here, in
the Arena. They were danceparing with you. I couldn't tell who your
opponent was, or who the shared memory belonged to. I cut the softlink.
I had to find you."

The approached the portal door that China had bypassed to sneak into the
Arena.

"I didn't really have time to bypass the observation systems to figure
out where you went. But then, Jala walked across my feet needing her
back scratched."

"Damn h-cat."

"She was concerned for you too. She said you'd be here."

"Chiana moved to engage the bypass entry.

"I got it."

Jala opened the door. Chiana tilted her head and raised her eybrows.

There's a lot about me you don't know sis. "But yeah, I can open doors."

"How did you figure out how to open them."

The continued their departure from the Arena.

"Cal gave me a puzzle a while ago. It took me a while, but I solved it.
When I told Cal that, he said me I could solve any puzzle that came
before me. So I worked on solving metacryptography. I'm not done, but
I've definitely found knowledge way beyond the current paridigm. I can
clip past the quantum firewalls pretty easily now.

"You're fracting with security!?" Her tone sputtered in disbelief as
much streamed respect. "You'll get into so much trouble if anyone finds
out!"

"And so will you!"

The warmth of their shared smile brought them closer to each other.

Chiana put her arms around her sister. The skin was still generally
smooth underneath her suit. Jala had not yet undergone muscular
optimization. Chiana inhaled pressing her skin into her sister's and
feeling the many degrees cooler her body was.

"Thanks for coming."

Jala's arm squeezed her sister's back. "No worries Chi, you'd come for
me." Their arms relaxed in their surrounding embrace.

"Hey Chiana, there is something else."

"What's that."

"When I was softlinked to that memory in the blackfreqs..."\
"Spit it out."

Fates tilted her head gently and connected to the antiquated linguistics
database to understand the ancient colloquialism.\
"The opponent fighting you in dancepar just now? The commit to the
memory-repo, was of this fight."

Footsteps, increasing slightly in frequency, softened silence. Chiana's
jaw tightened slightly.

"Ok, I won't talk about it." She put her arm around Chiana's waist as
they walked.

Chiana obliged. Her mind forked to think about something else. She did
not want to think about her non-physical copy.

*Why are they holding a masquerade?* Her jaw muscles increased their
tension. *Why was I not invited? *

Their walk turned into a brisk jog.

Emptiness accompanied the remainder of their return home. The hallways
normally bustled with Hybrids en route to assignment as nightfall called
them. It was close to empty. Ararat had called almost everyone to the
Masquarade.

It had been ten annus since the last masquerade. At that stage of her
growth, Chiana was too young to participate. Now she was not. *Why did I
not even know about this ?*

Concentric mazes packed their work and living spaces in the Hybrid zone.
The lowest three floors of the Isle served as the hybrid's place to
sleep. The highest of these floors were the least cluttered and
stationed the few vestigial elements of capitalism. This floor hosted
Hybrid's business district. The remaining physical shops were vestiges
of a society that had evolved. Most hybrids were focusing on their
perception onto the frequency worlds. Using Visages projecting light
onto their eyes, other I/O interfaces, the pura's could immerse
themselves the nonphysical domains. Compared to the Hybrids, the Puras
could only visit the freqworlds at bandwidths muted by the throughput of
their biological processors.

As their feet silently tapped them onwards, the two passed a shop
crowned with a blackened sign. Chiana's mind completed the written words
that barely pushed the charred residue. *Cafe de Paris.* It was once one
of the the few leisure-sustenance shops within the Hybrid's zone. A
plasma explosion had annihilated the place nearly a year ago. It had
been announced as a failed conduit and all evidence had been presented
to everyone for their own analysis. No one could identify malicious
intent. Instead of repairing it, augmentics painted a false reality over
the shop's disarray. To those with augmentics, the shop look closed. But
Chiana wasn't a hybrid. She didn't have augmentics to place everywhere
around her body. The faded destruction traced an uncertain feeling in
her mind whenever she passed the shop. This time was no different.

They crossed a junction, and the ambiance shifted immediately. They were
in the tropical district. Though they were far beneath the Upper
sanctum, the concentric annuli mirrored the the artificial segregation
of the biomes above. Everyone was assigned to one of the zones and was
tasked with preserving. Both Puras and Hybrids. The artificial
segregation spread to the each of their societies, and to their super
society.

They turned the first corner they came too. Two shepherds stood solid.
Unsurprised by their presence. They were waiting for them. Fates tilted
her head slightly as they shared frequencies. Fates relayed the essence
of their communication. "We should go home directly."

For some matters, it was better to obey the Shepherds. While Chiana was
not under their authority, her Sister was. Fates was out past her
curfew. The Shepherds could use this infraction against them. Worse, her
mother could use the infraction against her.

Chiana nodded. They returned to take the shortest path.

Time carried them swiftly to their apartment. Fates moved quickly toward
her seat at the table. Their mother was already standing, waiting for
them as they came in. Chiana looked into her mother's eyes.

Anger grew within Chiana, darting the same indicators at her mother.
Their Gaze continued. The only return volleys Chiana could see were
frequencies of love. The binding cords of her anger frayed as they
continued their exchange. Their connection ceased.

Darkness snapped light from the air.

A fraction of a second later the floor quaked, shuddering their balance.
The room light flickered, as it struggled to maintain constant
luminescence.

Jala instinctively encircled her children pulling her children into her
arms. Her arm wrapped them tightly to her body.

*Blood of Ararat, report to emergency positions.* The audiocom played
the warning in unison with a broadcast Auracall.

Chiana looked at her mother for more information. The warning repeated.

"You know what to do." Her mother's words were firm. Chiana could
discern confidence coming from Jala's eyes. Her loving confidence in
Chiana.

The warning repeated. Their eyes touched each each other with concern.

"Quickly now." She looked at Fates. And then Chiana. "Stay connected!"
Nothing more was said as they turned and ran in opposite direction.
Chiana to her post. Her sister and mother to their posts.

Questions for the Reader
========================

(Copy paste into email, google doc or email email?)

1.  #### What is your take on Chiana's attitude?

2.  #### Does this makes it seem like Callum was killed for the information he knew!? Make it seem to the reader that Callum actually was killed!? 

3.  #### Do the Hybrids seem like humans mixed with machines?

4.  #### Am I painting a decent enough picture of what the isle looks like from the perspective of Chiana and of Callum. Are they different?

5.  #### Am I 'showing', not 'telling'?

6.  #### Am I Showing actions or thoughts, not intentions. 

7.  #### Do many things sound alive?

8.  #### How is the consistency of tone between characters?

9.  Where did you get 'sleepy?'

10. Where were you confused?

11. What questions did you come away with. What do you *want* to know?

12. Does the very first subchapter provide enough 'hook' to continue
    > reading?

13. What other thoughts do you want to share?

TODO
====

-   **Xx put in annoying question that relate's Chiana's sister to the
    > argument's fight. **

-   **XX Need to Introduce f8c using the above \^\^? **

-   **Use terminology like "Chiana felt that" It is compleUSE THIS is ok
    > to say. **

-   WRITING STYLE: Once you start an analogy, continue it to its
    > fullest. **Example" Becam a city wall. Built from six cold hard
    > rocks. The wall, roughened and toughed by passing years chilled
    > with its heaviness and seemed to hint of death anb dloodshed"
    > xixin liu**

-   **Xx put it that Chianas sister interrupted the symmetry, thereby
    > causing their copies to differ. S.animas explains this. **
