Chapter 4 *Load Ararat Simulation hash \#\#\# \[S. Animas.\]*
=============================================================

***Life is suffering.***

***\--/hu/hist/relig/buddhism/fourNobleTruths/translationsEng/e1h23...***

Emergency:
----------

The collective intelligence of Ararat subconsciously knows that the HyV
is responsible for this attack. Fear circles over them as carrion
waiting for their death. The fear drives them forward, pushing them to
their oasis of hope. The importance of their continued training shifts
from imagined reality to a true reality as they rush to their emergency
stations. They have been drilled through a variety of catastrophes. The
electricity in their communal commotion indicate that they know this
emergency is not a drill. Everyone will reach their stations within
simulated times. In the sanctum, in the power nodes, in structural
nodes, in the seed pods.

The hybrids are paired with their familiars. The Puras are exposing
their memories for the emergency procedures. The nonSents of Ararat have
are responding to the repair commands of the I/We. They will be ready to
do what they will do. They do not know that their hurried efforts are
inconsequential to the future. Their future already exists.

Chiana will arrive at her station with the I/We. In 21.12 seconds she
will arrive at central containment shaft. The time will be within
calculated tolerance. She will pass into the containment shaft and her
body will weave through the air as she sprints with 92.2% of her maximal
efficiency.

She is at the stair shaft. Gravity dances with the her legs as she
gazelles down the stairs. Chiana's cadence rhythm is within tolerance.
She is not xx complete

The pre- scans show nothing as she bounds down the stairs.

She will be at the closed door to the containment shaft door in 2.1
seconds. Biometrics confirm her identity. Open doors. She passed through
0.01 seconds late. Door closed. Recalibrating connection.

She walks through the straight pathway. Checks of all 4096 blockchained
sensor nodes return their results with certainty. "Level one
Authentication reached." Every external, internal and dynamic feature is
clear. She reaches the end of the screening tunnel. "Please continue,
Chiana"

Chiana feels the invisible voice resonate in her skeleton. It calms her
with its familial associations. She is anxious to see the I/We. Not
because she is worried about the emergency. Her worries are for the
future that is no longer known. She has confronted herself, and has seen
what she needed to see. Her stability will be found.

She moves through the open door into the change room. She becomes
natural. Her hybribio suit hardens while it initiates self-recycling. It
becomes a brittle shell. The cracks propigate on the fracture points.
Its webs of separation radiate outwards, scaling her body like as vein
patterns of a leaf. The suit has solidified. Her breathing is uniform as
she arches her back, and triggers her neuron patterns to flex the
muscles and swell their volume underneath every surface of her skin.
Chiana feels the warmth escaping the cracks of her fractured suit only
briefly. She feels like she as a snake as she rolls every joints of her
body to fully separate the fractured suit from her skin. Gravity
hungrily grasps the shattered of suit pieces. As they fall to the floor,
Chiana hears the dull crackling. The process ends quickly.

She focuses forward, as she looks forward to more. The assembly of
detail insectals tickle her skin. Their micro-claws peper a cold shiver
through clasps. They inspect for residual pieces of suit. They find
three and laser them off. There is nothing more. Their microclaws
trickled off of her body. Her skin was bear. She feels unnatural, just
as unnatural as when wearing the hybrid suit. The skin does not feel
like her own. She needs the derma-lace to feel natural. The dermal
connections to her nerves complete her present state. (xx mention that
they clean upxx)

Xx the trouble in knowing that you are predicted is that you try to
change your behaviour because you are known to be predicted. This is a
vicious feedback cycle. IF you are smart, you know that these behaviours
are predictible, so you try to act normally, but you know that this is
predicted, so you try to act unpredictable... There, at the end of the
recurrent cycle you will find yourself.

The network of scars trace along the surface of Chiana's skin. They
follow the branchings of her nerves, residually swelling with pinks and
reds. They have not recovered since her last calling session. Chiana
senses the two hybridrones. She will raise her arms. Two lighflies cover
her eyes. Their low profile Visage mask her vision. Two insectals seal
her ears.

Chiana feels the multifrequency cleansing. The radiation caresses into
and throw her skin. The sound pairs with the frequency. The feeling of a
waterfall trickles through her body. It feels as if cooled with a fresh
rain.

No invading trap is triggered. No infections are found.

"Blockchain majority reached. You have complete clearance."

The voice is melodic to Chiana. She feels like she is with family.

"The I/We are glad you have arrived"

Chiana steps through the door. She stretching of the adaptive neural
skin . Dermal-lace boundary pushes back slightly at her torso. It feels
like a hug. The insectals reform jointly unfolding the connective
interface. The polymoriphic carbon nanofiber electrodes sting her body,
cooly zippering along her scars. They begin to penetrate. Chiana feels
the warmth begin. The bottom of her legs feel it. It crawls around her
body. Areas with more nerve bundles feel almost hot. The intricate
arrays of microscopic needles are no longer painful. Chiana feels more
comfortable wearing this. This feels natural. The scaffolding insectals
scurry away. They part from her body. Her body is greyed with the
gossamer nets. Only the sides of her face are unobscured by their webs.

Nerve taps grew stronger. Chiana feels the connection to the root of the
Isle.

She feels the sensors. The servos. The actuators. The currents, the
nodes, the magnetic fields. Each system presents itself to Chiana. She
stands still. Chiana is allowing the systems to become a part of her
awareness. They talk to her through her skin. The Isle's electricity
feels is the blood of her body, delivering their powering warmth. The
energy enters her organs. They consumed the power efficiently. They feel
normal.

She extends the synchronization. She detects the recycling system,
observes it resynthesize organic compounds, separating metals. The
irreversibly contaminated waste leaves her bowls in preparation. There
will be much more waste generated soon.

She knows she is close to deep root Muladhra. She reduces her parallel
focus. The sight-system is mounting to project on the nerve connects.
She reads the patterns as the tickle. The reduced resolution of the
dermal pixels allow her avision of the physical beyond the eyes in her
body.The sight system is focusing wrong within Chiana. She wants to see
her family. The sight connection will not establish. She sees herself.
She stands in the empty room. The final systems begin to connect
connection with her. Ararat's protective layers load into her
perspective domains.

She screams.

"AAAGAGAGAAGGGGGGGGGG."

She hears her own voice from within her mind, within her body, and from
the external senses of the derma-lace. Molten needles seer directly into
bone.\
Chiana falls to her knees as her scream continues.

"GGGGGGHHH"

The external perspective enhances her agony as she sees herself
withering in pain.

Her years of training streams to her aid. She remembers.

#### \#

Her arm tingled. She sat cross-legged in the middle of the training
chamber. She waited, completely still. Detached from her body. A
sensation grew on her. It wasn't hers. She focused on it. Fuzzy patterns
threaded through the blur of randomness. Their weaves formed invisible
shapes. Chiana had skinsight! Excitement stole her vision in a snap.
Chiana refocused. The basic shapes reappeared from the derma-lace. She
nodded for more stimulation. The electrical pulses pushed through her
skin. Their rolling undulation peaked. She flinched. Her movement caused
the the interface shifted over her skin, dragging the electrodes with
it. Faint combs of pain raked over her, stealing her back into her body.
The feeling was distinctly hers.

Reflex worked control her. The young girl flowed with the reflex,
shifting its powerful thrust in a circle. Its energy pivoted to come in
line with a stillness. Uncertain calm returned to her as she focused on
her breath. The needling electricity within her skin faded into a subtle
background signal that Chiana could tolerate. Prana filled her with
continuity as the girl sat on the verge of unease. derma-lace remained
bound to her skin and the power that its impulses could have over her,
clouded her peace. Still, after years of practice, only now had she
attained a faint yang of control. Her connection to the blanket of
subdermal electrodes evaporated. The exercise was over.

"That was good, Chiana." Such compliments from her teacher were rare. A
burst of dopamine flooded atop the steady trickle her body was releasing
in response to the pain. She would smile externally. The voice
continued, "You must work with your energy before it can begin to
overtake you."

Her rising smile died inside of her. Self doubt crept into her. "I'm
trying, S.anima!" Her voice presented frustration and ire, inseparably
braided together.

Chiana felt as though the the Sentient Animas moved their invisible
stance. "You doubt yourself. You doubt your abilities that you have
gained. And this is what limits you." The sharpened blade of truth,
penetrated directly through the girl's emotional defenses, and nicked at
her core.

"You are in a battle. It is a battle with yourself."

Chiana's young mind could only begin to grasp the words that scattered
their wisdom within her. "Why would I fight myself?"

"I will not answer that question. You must do that yourself."

The annoyance ewithin her seeped to out through a sigh that escaped her
mouth. She did not like when the I/We did not tell her things about
herself that the I/We already knew.

The words continued. "It is not just you. The battles of self are
eternal, and omnipresent within everything living. The victory of any of
battle, will entail the your defeat."

The young girl did not internalize the words from the I/We. She groped
for an attack at her teachers. "You wouldn't know anything about this.
How would you know anything about eternal battles? You can just remove
or fix any part of you that doesn't work!"

There was a slight pause. "Your reactions must flow with every
encounter, both external and internal. Our thoughts, our words, our
actions. To grow quickly, reaction must avoid the whirls of turbulence,
or use them to your advantage." Insight informed Chiana that the faint
aggressions of her previous words had been turned around. S.animas had
pivoted in response Chiana's words. "To be immutable, even briefly,
invites destruction. To destroy parts of ourself, brings only
immutability."

"You can't die. How would you know about destruction!?"

A pause, longer than usual thieved tranquility from the room. She
thought stupidity of her response. The HyV could obliterate them just as
it could the Puras.

They answered. "Our history is one of annihilation and of rebirth."

Chiana's heart rate increased as she lightly inhaled. Never before had
the invisible beings bled a drop of its past.

"Some of us did not change. Their reincarnate existence ceased. The few
of us who followed the gravity of time, learned from each cycle. " The
voice softened faintly. "Without these cycles we would not exist. Ararat
would not exist." The being paused. Complete silence spoke of the
S.animas vast history that Chiana would not learn. Not now. "Life is
suffering. This is one of the pieces of knowledge that has extended from
from our pre-recorde history. It is what the I/We we have observed. This
is what the I/We teach. "

The voice halted with a sudden snap. It told chiana something that she
did not want to hear. NO further wisdom would be shared until Chiana
reflected on the words.

She sat in silence, breathing slowly.

The words tumbled around her mind, and slowly circled within her.

The frustrations within her shifted. frustrations began to weave their
chrysalis.

Xx Chiana realizes this Shield latices are 15.2% compromised. Tundral
sanctum section 6 has been irrevocably blighted and will be excised.

#### \#

The cycles of Chiana's past returned to her present.

Imaginary flames sear at her nerves. The derma-lace projects agony onto
the nerves of her skin. She is able to extend beyond the connections
binding her tightly to her own existence. She sees truth beyond herself.
*Suffering is an illusion.* She breaths trying to release the form grasp
her hand has on her arm. She repeats the mantra, I will paint my own
illusion. She forces a longer breath. She concentraits on the pain. The
feeling. The sweet burns etch into her senses, swirling in turbulent
ripples. The pain has a feeling. Chiana recognizes the origin of the
pain.

*It isn't me. It is the Isle.* The integrated teachings make chiana
doubt her conclusion. The isle is She does not fully believe this. This
is not possible She tries to stand.

The crippling pain radiates through her fingers as her legs stumble
against her commands to bring her to her feet. Tears of pain threaten to
to escape her eyes. She doesn't feel them. She is is probing more
deeply. She is, searching for the truth contained within the illusions.
*The feeling is concentrated on my outer arm.* She realizes. *The pain
is not my own.* The thought triggers her ability to separate the
domains. She will look at her derma-laces. They wrap around her arm. Her
arm is undamaged by the imaginary flames that seared into her nerves.
Her realization is confirmed. Her heart will continue to race and
rhythmically swell within her veins. The the oxygen couples to the .
*This is the isle.* She concludes. *The barrier is broken.* Chiana felt
as aftershocks of painful attacks. The systems are ricocheting
protective layers. *The feeling is not mine, it is the Isle's.* Prana
fills her lungs as the awareness chisls her resolve. She knows where to
go. *Where is it damaged?* She will not ignore the pain. She focuses on
the heated lances that jabbed around her. *This in the upper sanctum.*
She feels the opaque waterfall of pain tripple into the drips of useable
information. *A cluster of shield elays were destroyed.* She is
understanding. *Other relays are compensating with reduced power.* She
worries. *The Isle's protection is weakening.* The fire was no longer
hers. She will rise.

The floor feels cold underneath the pads of her feet. Her dermal
connections dance with aftershocks of the nervestorm. The adrenaline
within her body is reconverting \#\#.

She will shade her voice with harsh pigments of frustration.

"Was this a test?"

All metrics match simulations. No re- calibration needed.

The logic within her will not win its fight in with before she answers.
"There is no need to test systems known to be functional." She feels the
voice with anger.

"I thought you embodied Ahimsa?" As she turns around, she only sees
herself in the room. She sees her own frustrations more clearly. The
adrenals drain away from her pain. She will understand.\
"The I/We do not cause suffering. The I/We only allow you to see the
suffering that already exists."

She feels the words slip between her philosophic layers. She will
understand.

"Should you never see suffering, you can never escape it."

Chiana can hear the veiled importance of the words emanating from the
permeating voice. She shielded herself, she did not want to recognize
the truths of the I/We. Chiana does not see the the cardinalities of her
future tumbling in cascades of future infinities. She can not cannot see
it. She will find the foresight she needs.

"What did you learn?" The voice poured like a curious fluid into the
chemical storms of stubbornness that electrified the synapses in her
mind.

xx "Repair teams are working to repair the barrier. Parts of the biome
zone may be irreparable. Minor outbreaks of the HyV have been detected.
Additional quarantine will be necessary."

"Was anyone hurt?"

"Yes."

"How many."\
"One hybrid."

Her electricals fired with concern. *Callum?* Chiana did not ask. She
didn't know if she wanted the answer.

"Will they be OK?"

"Their fate is uncertain."

Chiana noted S.animas' non-answer. *Was it Callum?* The words couldn't
escape her. "How did it happen?"

"We are examining the observables."

Chiana knew the answer. The inflective pattern of S.animas words carried
the information to her. It was Callum.

S.animas continued, "The explosion was not accidental."

Disbelief. Was he framed? Was she targeted because of what he showed
her? The fallout clearing below them? Would they blame Callum him for
the accident because she was bad at following the rules of Ararat? One
word came to her lips. "Why?"

"There are an uncountable number of reasons."

"Ararat is our last hope!"

Xx That is no longer true.

Xx "Not all share the same belief in hope."

She didn't want to be here. "I have to go. I have to help!" She wanted
to visit Callum, though they were now prohibited. She wanted to be gone.
Chiana's eyes held soft with sadness and hardened with anger.

"Guard your emotions, Chiana. Anything you could do now, is unlikely to
help anyone. Including yourself. Work with time, and it will work with
you. "

The words didn't help. S.animas couldn't keep her here. She was free to
go. She didn't. Something anchored her presence.

"What happened?"

"As you determined, the barrier was breached and significant damage has
crippled zone 5 of the tundra."

Chiana has a memory of her talking with Her mom, 
-------------------------------------------------

About S.animas. S.animas, walking in the Simulated forest, she is
learning of the HyV. She learns about the creation of the Sentients from
the Pura's perspective.

You are no longer safe from the Hyv. But your eternal essence, simulated
within the I/We can be eternal.

Xx REWRITE THE BELOW FROM MOTHERS PERSPECTIVE xx

"I will answer your question. But first I will answer questions you have
not yet asked. About yourself.

"The HyV is a creation of devastation. This life is an intricate fusion
of bio-life, and of siliconic-life. Much as the dual-immunics of Hybrids
this dual nature provides redundant life-support. It has self-directed
mutagenic evolution. The combined capacities make it impossible to
target with counter pathogenics. Once the HyV infects a Pura or us it
will dynamically adapt. To treatments within nanoseconds. It is deadly
once contracted.

Chiana's tilting head indicated a frustrationa bout being told something
she already knew.

The HyV is the devastation of creation.

Their voice lilted as though they were teaching a school of Chosen in
the history allowed to be known.Though an induction of chosen hadn't
happened for years. "The HyV does not infect hybrid life. Instead, it
will indiscriminately attack both pure Nucleic-acid based life,
primarily humanic, as well as purely organosilics. Such as us. All
attempts to directly study the HyV and its destructive mechanisms only
accelerate its destruction. They are share similarity to monovitaome
viruses. They reproduce only within their host. Their physical vector is
microscopic. They have an observational awareness of when they are being
externally probed. Any useful interrogation causes, their self
destruction. To observe the HyV is to destroy them. And their
self-destruction is two-fold deadly. The destruction of a single HyV
entity will cause others to collapse the existence of other entities.
The destruction of one entity will induce most nearby HyV entities to
self destruct. Even with electromagnetic jamming the chain reaction will
occur at essentially light speed. The self-destruction comes the
destruction of everything nearby."

Chiana had heard it before, but she considered what S.animas had just
told her.

"It would be more simple if all HyV were destroyed in the reaction.
However A few seed HyVs escape. Their existence resurges. At each re
sergeance the HyV appears to have learned from the destruction of their
cohort."

She knew the information all-too-well. There was something different
though. Something beyond what she already knew. There was a familiarity
here in how S.animas described the HyV.

"Once infected, survival is possible. But only if infection is detected
in the early stages. Before they can grow exponentially. Beyond a
critical threshold, the mere examination of the host has always
triggered their destructive chain reaction."

Chiana asked another question, to which she already knew the answer.
C:"What are the symptoms of infection?"

S:"There are few. With the virus growth limited by the elemental limit
of silicon within an organic body, the host will prefer foods and areas
containing more silicon. They can still reproduce purely as carbon-based
life. Or, as purely algorithmic life. This is why we are as threatened
by the HyV as the Puras.

Chiana felt something for S.animas. Something she had never felt before.
C:" I'm sorry. I bet that is not comforting for you to know that such an
end may be possible you.

S:"To live without the possibility of death is to die without living."
There was a break. "Do you have more questions?"

For no reason that came to mind, Chiana asked C:"Who created the
hybrivirus?"

S:"We cannot say."\
Chiana knew had reached the barrier to knowledge that S.animas would not
reveal. She pushed anyway C:"You cannot say? Or you Will not say?"

Their response was delayed by only a fraction of a second. Still it was
delayed. S:"Information can be powerful. From power, springs creation.
From power, springs destruction.

Chiana rolled her inner-eyes. She had heard this response too many
times. When she asked S.animas a question that they were not able to, or
allowed to answer. Either way, Chiana had never liked their response. It
was incomplete. As a child she had pushed through debates that she would
never win, trying to gain information that was never provided to her. It
didn't matter, pushing these questions was not going to be fruitful.

Chiana abouted. A different line of questioning. May work. She didn't
think though. Her primal systems forced words from her C:"Tell me about
my past. " After she had asked it, she knew that her question was
useless. She had requested information about her history several times
before. When youthful curiosity consumed her time. Each one of those
times she was given nothing. She did not expect S.animas to reveal
anything.

S.animas spoke S:"When your life began, you were to be the same as all
hybrids. You were to be integrated with organosilics. You would obtain
immunity from the HyV. Soon after you beginning, we discovered that you
had apparent immunity to the HyV." Their concordance changed. "At this
instant your future was no longer understood."

Chiana stood silently. stunned. She had sleuthed mostly all of these
details. But they had never been confirmed. And S.animas had never been
so divulgent with infos. Chiana couldn't mask her surprise at the
response.

"To fuse the organosilica life with you would have confused the
understanding of your gift." S.animas paused.\
Truth struck Chiana to her core. The strike unleashed a fear that had
never been able to escape. C:"So, I am an experiment." It the hidden
question wasn't anymore. "To integrate the organosilics with me would
have messed up the experiment." Her existence was violated.

S:"Dear Chiana." S.animas rarely addressed Chiana tenderly. "Your innate
immunity protected you from the death that would befall every Pura."

S:"You were the first Pura to be born with the ability to survive the
HyV. You had been unique in that ability for the entirety of your life.
But you are no longer unique in your immunity. In the latest generation
of Puras your immunics have been partially duplicated. You are no longer
alone in your safety against the HyV."

Duplicity: Dioro's simulation, and she has the HyV
--------------------------------------------------

She separates her response with time. In her silent obstinance, the
words propagated their curiosity throughout her system. The curiosity
became her own and she thought of what she had learned about the failure
of Ararat. The curiosity suffused into the pores, lubricating the
memories of her recent bout of dancepar in the arena. The synaptic waves
avoided her the thoughts of her non-physical twin. The waves
concentrated on herself. On her failure to remain a non-simulatable.

"You have seen yourself reflected through the pools of the the shared
dancepar."

With the tenacity of a cheetah stalking her preyLike a bear scared for
its Chiana sunk at the memory of her duplication. The knowledge that her
future is known by the I/We. The worry that the future of life continues
to be unknown.

"You have been mirrored into the non-physical. From it, you have been
able to see yourself with perspective. The domain-mapping is a snapshot
of your existence state.

(xx sad) Chemicals poured within her the xx of her mind. Chiana is
pissed

The mirror is a tool. The I/we has shown you a path. It is up to you to
take that path."

Chiana knew she could only partially absorb the wisdom presented to her.
Forcing herself to understand would be grasping at water. Time would
continue to be her ally in her growth. And now, the past no longer was.
To dwell on it would negate the purpose of now. She nodded in
understanding. "Thank you, S.animas.\" As she replied, a question traced
her mind. *What other paths will allow me to grow?*

Chiana knew that if they could simulate her, they could simulate more
than her. Their omniscience had become great.

Xx The truth to S.Animas report struck her suddenly. The revelations
that S.animas knew what you would do before you would do it, Chiana
hadn't gotten over with Chiana felt the truth to S.animas' report. She
could also feel that information was withheld.

The words struck Chiana. She felt them softening within her, fracturing
the facets of pride that felt like a rigid cage that structured her
frame. Remembering that her thoughts were calculated, and her actions
predicted, antagonized a frustration within her. It enhanced the fear
within her. Chiana did not see the weeds as they grew slowly \]within
the gardens of her mind. Their tendrils extended their grasps deeply
within her. It leaves and flowers stay hidden while chameleon vines
laced around Chiana's thoughts. Its growth could flourish and develop
sharpened thorns that would prick away Chiana's connections to the world
within her and to the world beyond her.

The Grasp of the words plucked a distraction on Chiana's thoughts. They
reached higher, and pping a pool of resting knowledge. A rush cashed
awareness flushed into Chiana, filling her with an uncommon self. She
looked at her arm and touched her skin. The derma-lace bound her flesh
as it leached onto her nerves. The signals were more more refined. They
were sharper. The weave of the suit was thinner than the others. And it
weighed less. The feeling of the suite began to feel unnatural.

S.animas calculated the Chiana's observations. "The neural skin is new."

Chiana moved her arm. The the position of the dermal electrodes shifted
position with the changing surface of her skin. As she flexed her
forearm the microscopic needles shifted without reforming wounds along
her matrix of scars. She moved without pain. It was unusual.

"The interface has evolved. The electrodes are biomimetic, and will no
longer damage your skin."

Chiana jumped into a handstand. The suit was invisible to her body.

"The density of neural connections is at the limit of our hybribio
fabrication technology."

*So that is why it that hurt so fracting much.* She tempered the
thought, as she sprung from her handstand onto her feet. She overthrew
herself and tumbled to recover.

"You will have to adapt your self-simulating tectum because you have
adapted to the wounds inflicted imparted by the standard derma-lace."

Returning to her feet, Chiana continued to move with the new derma-lace.

The melody of S.animas' shifted keys. "The new suit may also directly
fuse with your physiology."

Chiana stopped like a feline. She posed for more information.

"The neural receivers and transmitters meay be directly integrated into
your own skin."

Chiana snapped back as her face flushed with anger and worry. "You want
to make all of us into hybrids?"

The voice of the I/We continued with geodesic fluidly. "The assembly
code of this dermal lace was created from snippets of your own
genetics."

"The lace was constructed from my own code?"

"Yes, it was necessary."

"So that I wouldn't be considered a Hybrid"

"The Triarchy has dermined that the progression of Puras necessitated
advancement of derma-laces. What you wear now was created within the
boundaries laid by the laws of Purism. By integrating this into your
body, you will not be classified as a Hybrid."

Chiana detected insinuating nuances in The I/We's words. "There is more,
isn't there?"

"You may choose to directly integrate the interface into your skin. Once
integrated, your hyper genetics will self-repair the neural skin.
Additionally, you will be able to biosynthesize any neutropics that you
need for your advanced sensing.

Chiana's posture indicated a discomfort at the offer. *I did not ask for
this*.

The I/We responded to her thoughts "Only you may initiate the
integration into your dermis. You may always use the previous generation
if you want."

*The other Chosens haven't said anything about his.*

"The others have not yet been presented this chance."

"But they will be soon."

"Yes."

Neurons fired within Chiana's mind. They traced the future outcomes the
new generation of Dermalaces.

"And now every Pura will be able to become a Caller?"

"If that is what they choose, that is correct."

*Do they really have a choice?* Her lungs expanded to more deeply to
feel the air in the room. *Do I really have a choice?* And wave of pain
rippled along her arm. Her nerves echoed with aftershocks of information
burn that relayed the Isle's damage.

"Yes, you do have a choice."

"You have already copied me. You know what I will do."

"At this point, there are two choices. We know the outcome of each of
the choices. We do not know what you will choose."

"What will happen to me if I choose the new dermalace."

"You will gain control of yourself far beyond your current capacity."

"And If I don't choose to integrate?"

"You will not gain control of yourself far beyond your current
capacity."

Chiana's jaw clenched in annoyance.

"But regardless of what you choose, Ebodae will take the other one.

C: "Then why would I want this derma-lace."

S: "It will be a guide. It can allow you to more swiftly find the
connections of life."

C: "I am who I am. Why would I need perfection? "

"You are the connections within your body, and the connections outside
of you. You live in a world beyond your flesh. Supporting those around
you while they support you."

S: "You sound as though it would change you. Perfection would not negate
who you are. Your connections are who you are, you create them and sever
them. You may eventually perish and enter the irreversible death. Then
your body may cease to exist. The connections you have made may live on.
Your existence may continue. Perfection is the continuation of your
existence beyond yourself. An adaptable phase that will allow you to xx

**You need to for yourself**

**You need to to for everyone else. Everyone will be wearing it. Chiana
is a 'guinea pig'**

She cannot do anything about it! Why!? How can I help? Learn. Learn from
the HyV. Discuss that the refactoring for humanity is close to
completion.

**You have to, for everyone else. Future is becoming unstable. **

**You have to, for yourself. **

"There is one reason for why you should embrace the suit. One that you
already know to be true."

Chiana inhaled tightly, and slowly. An innate fear clenched her muscles.
She did not know, but somehow her body did.

"The suit will provide you immunity to the HyV."

Chiana quickly retorted "I do not need it, I am immune to the HyV."

"Chiana, you appear to be immune to the HyV, because you are infected
with the HyV."

She does not know the I/We to tell an untruth. But an agonizing doubt
distorts her thoughts. It controls her response.

"I do not believe you. The HyV would overtake me. I would be gone, and
everyone else would be infected too."

"The HyV has not overtaken you, because your body has learned how to
control it. Your mind has learned how to focus it. Soon, though, it will
grow beyond your capacity, and it will overpower you."

Chiana shakes her head slowly. The weight of truth will not overload
Chiana She will begin to understand.

"So, because you say I have the HyV, I now have two choices. I can
integrate with the Skinterface, otherwise, I must undergo the Hybrid
conversion."

"Yes." The I/We's frequencies struck within Chiana's mind appropriately.

She will gather herself quietly and quickly as she removes her
Skinterface. She will come back. The simulation will continue.

Todo
====

Xx The new suit Requires different neutrops. But the suit will now
produce the new neutrops for you.

-   Need to keep up the excited worry of the attack and what is going on

-   need to make S.animas seem more hippy like and buddhist

-   **Clearly discuss the notion that the Sentient's were controlling
    > the story that was being written with them. That was their power
    > of of omniscience.** directly state that s.animas knew what chiana
    > was to say. Not 'as if they knew what she was going to say'

    -   In talking with chiana in the other domain, she is not herself,
        > she has lost many of her old connections. But she has
        > established many more.

    -   The s.animas tell only the information that they need to tell
        > because they are working to manipulate the evolution of the
        > future. They are selectively pruned branches of possibility of
        > life that make it more likely that life can evolve to
        > perfection.

-   **Say from perception of S.animas? :She feels pain. She is sad. She
    > does this. Chiana does not know the truth. SHe will know the truth
    > soon. **

-   make s.animas sound like god. The I/We predicts everything that
    > happens set

-   **Xx "Chiana felt that" It is ok to use this for Chiana, but not for
    > the other characters. **

-   Xx use phrase neuromorphic (word) for the Derma-lace.

-   *Xx Have foresight into chapter from S.animas that mentions how that
    > hybrid life is not 'safe' from the HyV it is just a setback.
    > Safety is a perception.*

<!-- -->

-   ONly Chiana can say S.animas or the Sentients. Otherwise it is
    > called the I/We
