Chapter 6. Xxx Chiana with S.animas. 
=====================================

### Chiana resting home, 

is alone... thinking about things. She is thinking about the fact that
copying is now posible. She is thinking about th eIsle was attacked. She
is wishing she could talk with Callum. Xx Chiana wishes that she could
talk with Callum. But he indicated. No-com' until I contact you. Which
he sometimes did for when his schedule had been randomized. But he
hacked the random job generator and made it so that he could space his
intervals out. He did it. But it was Chiana's idea. They worked well
together. Chiana liked that Their ideas were mutually constructive when
they talked. This gave an ease to chiana that was uncertain.

His ideas always helped her to create ideas, and she did the same. They
were able to help each other uncover so much about the other person
based on their preferences (where a feeling of deep love) is established
between the two.

Xx Fates sister left a few days ago. For the her Reincarnation. Chiana
missed her. She loved her, even though she was often annoying. (Like a
standard sibling would be.) Her other sibling was away on chores. Chiana
was at home alone.

And her mother returns. Finally, from her shift. They have a talk. They
somewhat make up. Though they carefully avoid the subject of Callum.
Their true love is revealed through the words and manne or the words
that they share between them. Describe this emotionally.

#### **Talk with lex**

Xx chiana is unappy at everything, xx

A soft head gently rammed against the inside of her leg and pressed
firmly. Chiana did not flinch as the kitfox pressed forward gliding its
body across her skin. Fur from the tail wrapped around her legs, and
unwrapped in a soothing caress. The fluffy tail released its coil and
Lex as turned around for another pass. The head butted her calf minutely
harder this time, as the double hybrid called on her urges to bend down
to touch the kitfox. She could not resist as she put her hand on Lex's
head. A ripple of purrs pulsated through her hands and her ears. butted
his head against her leg as he walked around for more. As she stroked
her hands across the softened fur, Chiana knew that Lex was up to
something.\
"I am quite glad you are here." Lex said as he continued to purr.

The double hyb was definitely up to something."Me too, Lex"

With no destination in mind, Chiana began to slowly meander away from
their apartment. Her body language provided welcoming invitation for Lex
to join her. The kitfox meandered next to her, still purring slightly.

"I don't know why you are so upset, Chiana. You now have two chances at
getting everything right in life." Lex spoke of her existential copy.
"And it is not like you really lost your dancepar, you actually kind of
won at the same time!"

"How often do you fork your existence, Lex?"

"Mmrrreow?" The purring diminished. "That is not allowed for
doublehybrids." The creature's voice spoke with false-hurt. "You know
that I cannot do that!"

"Hmm." Tones of disbelief coloured her words. "I thought with the
expanded Freqs, that double-hybs would get some bandwidth too. But I
guess not."

The kitfox's steps metronomic regularity did not falter next to Chiana's
slightly aperiodic steps. A non-specific destinations pulled their
movement onward.

"There is such generavita-ism on this boat. It is wretched." The
creature's voice reflected some of its internal state. "You are right,
they did not open up the expanded freqs to non-sapien hybrids. And if
they did? Well, I would certainly fork my existence."

"And what if your existence was forked without your choosing?"

"It would be a more perfect sort of interaction with those around me. As
they build imperfect simulations of me, no different than interacting
with those around me."

"Perhaps there is more power of your dual-existence than you realize."

Chiana's pace slowed as the truth within the kitfox's words leaked into
her mind.

"My simulated copy," Chiana paused slightly adding emphasis to her
previous words, "is nothing more than a transient replicate of one
snapshot of my existence. It/She, is not me. I have changed because of
the from the experiences that have altered my self. That was proven by
the broken symmetry within our dance."

"Do you know that the symmetries were completely broken?"

"No."

"Do you know that your dual-self has had the same experiences as you?"
Lex continued knowing Chiana's answer. "How different are you and your
dual-self?"

"I don't know."

The kitfox bounded in front of their pathway, stopping their movement.
He turned around to look at Chiana,

"Why don't you find out?"

Chiana thought briefly. "I might not like what I see."

"Your simulation is like a mirror. Perfect, or imperfect. You cannot
correct what you cannot see."

**xxLexx facilitating the discussion between the two domains.** "Your
simulation is a reflection of life between the two domains. On that
carries your existence of the physical domain and into the non-physical,
and one that carries your existence from the non-physical into the
physical. The the reflecting pond in front of you may ripple. The
undulating edges interfering destructively, interfering constructively
shimmer the mirror in front of you. You see the straining connections of
the water's surface map. You observed phase-domains its connectivity
maps. The ultimate representation of their self. This simulation is you.
You are the simulation.

Xx

#### **Chiana talks with Ebodae (looks into mirror) **

They responded in synchronized unison. "I am not a simulation." The
duplicity of their tones were

They think the other one is the simulation. And ends connection to this
simulation.

Xx "The connections feel pixeled." They are connected, more than just
with words. Their connections extend beyond the standard physical
connection. Their suit allows it. They see the other one as grainy, but
the other one answered first.

Things have begun to change differently on the other simulated Isle.
There are inconsistencies.

Chiana requests privacy. "We shall, but you do realize that we are
simulating you. Privacy no longer exists."

"I am told that you are safe from the HyV". "I am told the same." We
cannot both be safe from the hyV and unsafe!

Xx Chiana talks with S.animas and leaves, upset not knowing if she is
the Sim or not.

Talks about the clouds below and what it means. Why didn't the clouds
part for Ebodae?

Ends with Chiana being pissed at S.animas. "Am I the Simulation? Why
won't you tell me! You are the worst".

#### **A shared memory long past and of recent past. **

Xx The worlds of S.animas (and Hybrids) is very much like the spirit
worlds of the last avater etc... xxthe world of S.animas is like the
world of spirits in the Last airbender. Flying beings. Entities of
emassive elegence. Frightening. Beautiful. Fuzzy, liquid, solid, and all
different amalgamations xx

#### Opens up a connection to her simulation. 

They share a memory, she does not fully believe they are the same?

They discuss their most recent history. There is a small differences.
EboDae was not distracted in her simulation. They ask S.animas. "The
simulation, did what it was going to do. S.animas

Then Interrupton. They have to supervize the attack of the HyV. (Chiana
has to supervise, Ebodae does not.)

Another difference: there was not clouds that parted in the simulation.

#### **Chiana supervises the attack of the HyV: Called to The central area. **

-   With a sub-station S.animas. She takes the suit in emergency mode to
    > assist. Dioro is possibly infected.

**Repairwork**

A singe of pain brought her from to the present. A small flare of a
shield subrouter pinged Chiana. Destruction was slowly rippling tremors
to other systems.

"Subrouter ac81xx is malfunctioning. Error code unknown. " Chiana
reported to the coms.

A distant voice spoke to Chiana though the derma-lace. "Repair team
Epsilon, go to subrouter ac81. Figure out what is going on. Be prepared
to fully replace it. "

"On it."

Chiana scanned her derma-laces. Her bones creaked at her. "Replacement
strut hg7e... is supporting 92% of calculated tolerances."

Another voice echoed dully to Chiana. "Structural team xx, go to section
hg and. Find the replacement.

Chiana stood in the sensor room 4 as a core-element Chosen. She felt
Ararat's damage as her own, and she reported the information.

Each of the teams had their own Chosen. They were used to relate stored
information of the repair protocol minutiae, and to provide direct
feedback. They rarely did the repairs themselves.

Chiana remained perfectly still. The previous generation of the
derma-lace was not something that many Chosen Ones could tolerate for
long periods. Chiana was no exception. Any movement beyond breathing
would ignite wildfires across her skin. Two days was a long time.

If her focus shifted to anything beyond the sensorial inputs, it was
about the end of her assignment. Her cycle of duty would be relieved in
12 mins.

The pain that the derma-laces brought to Chosen Ones was something that
was rarely discussed. There were varying explanations for the
ennervation pain and the scar-flowers. Xxx reasons for the enrvation
pain. Xx In the back of their minds, every Chosen One knew the reasons
for the masochistic feedback. It was for the protection of the Puric
identity.

Being a part of the Chosen allowed a Pura the ability for extreme
information retreival. They could tap into the past and present
landscapes of knowledge that S.animas maintained for them. The Chosen
could relay the information more rapidly than untapped Puras, even
thouse donning Visages. The information was powerful.

To dissuade most Pura from using a neural lace, the enervating
technology had been tainted with imperfections. The added pain that it
caused was. The networks of irreversible dermal scars marked the Chosen
separately from the rest of the Puras. They were considered almost as
Hybrids. But without the cranial interfaces, they were still considered
Puric.

Many Chosen lived with hybrids. Some didn't. Chiana did not really know
how many Chosen there were, or who they were. The separation by biomes,
and tightly controlled schedules isolated their interaction. Puras were
afraid of the Chosen ones. They were afraid they would become Chosen
ones themselves. They were afraid that Chosen Ones would unify against
those who were not Chosen.

Chiana didn't see her replacement as she stepped from sensor chamber.
The small streams of pain evaporated as the insectals pulled it from her
skin. Chiana picked up her standard clothing and put it on. Chiana was
naked, unclothed from the network of pain.

Chiana strolled home more slowly than usual. The damages to the Isle.
Her Calling assignments over the past days. None of them floated to the
surface of her thoughts. The last interaction with S.animas did.

xx explain network of pain more!

#### General things to include somewhere 

Xx Sentient Animas says. we have been beyond the clouds for a while.
Chiana knew they meant the words in both manners.

xx S.animas talking to Chiana "just as the more of the past you know,
the more of the future you can know. The more of the future you can
know, can let you know more of the past. xx

***Xx Perhaps artificial intelligence didn't want to pass the tests of
Sentience? Perhaps they did not want sentience? They didn't want that
burdon because the calculated the cost. And it was not worth it? These
were Ideas that Chiana had never considered. ***

Xx Electrons breathed throughout the Island.

*Xx chiana doens't know about the fact that the Sentients offered others
to escape too.*

Xx The breath of the electrons Electrons breathed remember breathing
electrons xx

Xx the hyve is not a complete mystery, it can be studied in its ability
to be negative studies. You can only kill everything xx. That is how the
hyve is studied. Xx This is why so many puras have died. They died as
humans killed themselves to determine their immunity. Xx

Xx "Complex constellation of feelings ...."

Xx Chiana ask about the masquerade xx

Xx Chiana hesitates suit choice because lack of pain and because of
uncertain definition of terms.

Xx need to write the words Bioencrypt for Chiana's memory recording
