Chapter 11 xx Callum Escapes
============================

*On occasion highly connected networks are less efficient than isolated
nodes.*

**To do**

Write this "Don't push your luck"

-   (describe bring the recycling plant back in later in the book xx,
    like hte bowels of a living organism ) .

-   When kallum is shit out, the wind dies down right before hand, and
    the isle lets it go: It prevents sprayback

-   *the phrase* Kilometers bled past.

-   *XX CALLUM enters the transition phase of his existence. beginning
    > to weave the yin and the yang. to unify his existence. Hence in
    > the entirety of the book, Kallum goes from being split into two
    > people, he becomes one person. united*

-   *make it so that callums remembers things that could not be real,
    > but they are real!? *

-   *Make it so that the warnings and what not is not the same as his
    > normal status. Make it known that this way of thinking is highly
    > unusual for Callum*

-   *REMOVE THE CENTIHYB BEING KILLED TO FRAME CALLUM. Who killed the
    > centiHyb? WHy would they not just ill him. Do they not realize the
    > Isle is moving yet? Or we only see htat 'slightly while Kallum is
    > on the plattform.*

<!-- -->

-   *Remove discussion of how Kallum navigated the tunnels easily. But
    > need to figure out how to make the maze finding more difficult.
    > Make it sound like an intelligent agent trying to find its way out
    > of a maze. ??*

Xx X make the hybrids disassembling themselves different: have them
addapt with hybribots? Yeah take this out, it is kind of dumb.

Xx Make the framing that Callum reveals a note from something. DIrectly
into his head. "You will be blamed. Run."

Xx remove 'demi hyb elements' Have them as hybrid animals.

xx Callum is a masochist: he causes himself pain because it allows him
to focus on the present. **xx give Callum a hint of masochistic
tendencies. pain focuses his efforts.**

**... Warning! Uncertain temporal presence. Likelihood of rolling
perceptions as current at 92.9% \...**

*Someone tries to kill me? or someone tries to set me up? Are either of
those options real?* Callum couldn't tell, He curled his knees towards
his torso as he leaned against the Isle's exposed tree roots. The
coldness was starting to get to him. His cybernetics hadn't been
recharged after their energies had drained in support of maintaining and
reestablishing Callum's biolife. His thermals were going to be finely
tuned to maintain an efficient, and not deadly, temperature. He wished
he had thought to grab his skinmod-tops. It's added insulation would be
appreciated, in addition to the added sensors it provided. He searched
his memory: the skinmods were neatly hung from a hangar at the door.
C:*There's no way I'm getting those back.*

**... Warning! Uncertain temporal presence. Likelihood of rolling
perceptions as previously recorded at 84.2%.**

The escape route and supplemental maps were essential in his escape. He
had the maps of the routes, the codes for control routings, the delivery
schedules, and locations deemed no-go (at least for non rad-hard hybs).

It did not make any sense to Callum. Why did the emergency route switch
when the emergency was announced. And why were there such complete maps?
It was completely dark in the tunnels, and couldn't risk using pinging
frequencies or direct scans to Illuminate the area. His IR system hadn't
rebooted yet. All forms of light weren't going to help him navigate. He
had the the maps! At each movement-forward his metro-kinesthetics
allowed him to measure his position with 99.9% accuracy, less than usual
due uncalibrated nature of his crawling. The uncertainty of his position
was building with each movement. He scanned the map. There were branches
of tunnels going in different directions. He re-calibrated his position
at each junction, aided by some old-fashioned groping around.

The pounding on the hatch had faded. Had they entered? He didn't even
think they could fit in the narrow tunnels. A quick analysis suggested
to him that they could mod themselves, to get something in there. He go
to a keyed junction, which he opened easily. And it sealed behind him.
At least they would be held up by a door or two. He needed to get lost.

**... AngelWarn! Uncertain temporal presence. Likelihood of rolling
perceptions as current at 85.2% \...**

The cold seemed especially chilly for the season being close to
sumsolst. He enjoyed its snappyness, preferring to be free and cold,
than imprisoned and warm. He didn't quite know what to do now. With
heightened security, finishing his plans to escape the Isle would now be
challenging: the resources he needed would be inaccessible with access
protocols changing. that would be thrown in his way.

Maybe it was the temperature. Maybe it was that he had recently
recovered from a nearly complete cellular overhaul. But his mind was
unfocused and unconcentrating. His biologics were crashing for rest.

**... AngelWarn! Uncertain temporal presence. Likelihood of rolling
perceptions as previously recorded at 83.2%.**

**Xx todo, the sound is necessary b/c callum is blind again xx**

The map he had obtained from the emergency announcement had been
essential to his escape. He had navigated efficiently and swiftly nearly
a km of tunnels. He identified the path that he needed to go to get to
his skyraft. While it was unfinished, it was his best talisman for his
survival. He was only 500 m away of various and assundry turns within
the back-tunnels when tunnel maps didn't appear to him anymore. As
quickly as they had appeared to him, they had disappeared.

*This is fract. Something is mind hacking me.* He hadn't focused his
attention to segment the information in to prevent its loss as when he
had the leisure for his maintenance assignments. With his position
within the maze of transport tubes lost, wiped by some remote protocol,
the darkness gained power over Callum. Kicking himself, as much has he
could in a tube with a diameter marginally larger than his body, Callum
vowed to further mod himself to prevent such invasions of his memories.
That is, supposing he ever got away from waste-tubes.

The cacosmia in his nostric sensors hadn't bothered him until that one
of the few bio-sense that he could perceive. While he understood the
necessity of the hybromicobial creatures, Callum's overwhelming
detection of the chemical byproducts strained Callums psyche. A feeling
grew in his center like he had never had before. It wanted to come out
through his mouth. He used introspection to calm himself. *That is just
vestigial genetic instinctual reactions.* He was still on edge, feeling
less like his insides were going the opposite way of his material-supply
pathway. *You can control your instincts.* He calmed slightly. He
started to laugh at his position."Hahaha" *hahaha.* He quickly quieted
his laugh:he didn't want the sounds to echo loudly and give away his
position. Not that it mattered

A tainted gush of air and sound blasted him. And then it landed on top
of him. It dislodged his footing and pushed him down the tubes. With a
only slightly delayed reaction, the reflexive electromagnetic hooks
engaged as he flailed along the tube\'s surface.

The magnet caught at a metal junction with one arm. It was nearly yanked
from the (still) mostly biological shoulder from the socket. The bionic
muscles engaged a dampened relaxation to absorb a greater brunt of the
momentum. The magnetization preventing his further downfall, but only
barely. Energy reserves were not sufficiently full to sustain his grasp.
His free hand swung upwards and groped around to grab a ledge. The
airflow gave the impression it was an intersecting tunnel. He heaved his
body to the ledge, and disengaged the electromagnets. The
super-capacitor banks that powered the magnets were already 54.5...%
depleted, and several bionic muscle fibre bundles had severed their
time. His biologics were starting to complain to him as well. Had visual
Freqs been of any se to him he may have become of these dire situations.
His meta adrenals bypassed many of his standard neuromorphic patterns as
his termination seemed more likely than it had ever been. He needed to
get out of the tunnels quickly. Without a reasonable inclination of
where challenged that prospect.

A spark of light flickered inside his mind. Then, a solution wildfired.
The synergistic crosstalk of his biologicals and cybernetics shouted
within his hybricortextes. *Use the sound.*

The transportation tubes were wonderful waveguides channeling
compression waves of sound within them. The frequency spectrum revealed
a periodicity of each of the flushes. The pressure waves shared similar
characteristics, though the dissipated energy within the tube's
waveguides provided a possible solution. Callum maxed the gain of the
few nano-phones situated about his hands, bare feet, and his face and he
maintained his position until he heard the echo. He then moved a little
and waited. The pressure differentials provided the conditions he needed
to initiate his numerical algos for complex differential equations.
Their partial solutions gave him a vague sense of the position upcoming
complexes.

With his bootstrapped estimates, Callum pushed himself forward. He
needed to get to the out. Occasionally, he would end up in a larger
junction cavern, to allow multiple feeds to coalesce into the larger
tube leading to the recycling system. Callum did not go into the larger
tube. He had seen the recycling system and did not wish to ever be a
part of it. (xx bring the recycling plant back in later in the book xx)
. Between his tactile floundering his partial solutions to the
sound-propagations within the tubic waveguides and his instincts, Callum
found his way. He considered the non-deterministic element of his
actions, and they bothered him. But he had to do something. *Better to
die doing something that die doing nothing.*

He came to another junction. There were 6 tunnels. Two were
perpendicular to gravity, two went up, and two went down. With no good
reason, other than all of his direct, and indirect calculations Callum
ran his electromagnetics on max gain to get purchase on one the upward
orienting tunnels. His sonic analysis of the mass movement gave him the
impression that he was near an open-boundary.

He heard another flush. Distinct from the flushing patterns he had
previously heard. Before he calculated that it would hit him, he was
moving. His hands and his magnetic hooks failed to prevent his bouncing
along the plumbing network. In an instant the increasingly comfortable
feeling of freefall joined him in his descent.

**... AngelWarn! Uncertain temporal presence. Likelihood of rolling
perceptions as current at 61.2% \...**

The night suffused the skyline. A myriad of stars greeted Callum as he
jerked awake from his recollections. The reflected of luminous clouds
beneath the Isle, provided Callum a sense of security. He had always
liked the night better than the day. Maybe that was because that is what
he had been trained and accustomed to.

He looked more deeply at the calming stars. They seemed different. It
took a few reinitiated processor threads to analyze his observation.
Relative to the silver horizon, all of their glowing positions were
askewed compared to the position he had seen them before the explosion.
More computations forward him the answer: the Isle had drifted towards
one of the magnetic poles. Such movement would also explain the
temperatures that were much lower than usual. *The Isle is moving.* The
moon began to crest above the clouds. *Why is the isle moving?*

Callum hadn't successfully evolved the solutions to the mechanism behind
mere possibility the Isle's existence. Everytime he became reasonably
close, all of his answers would irrevocably break, with all suppositions
becoming dubious. It would often taken him weeks to build back
confidence to believe what he had previously believed. Not that his
free-time had given him much allowance to pursue ponderous questions as
to what held the Isle afloat. In his semi-daze, Callum considered a
connection between the remote memory-wipe of the escape tunnels and the
rapid deterioration of his conjectures on the physics of the Isle. His
thoughts were always clearest away from the assembly-areas. *Can my
memory be changed by them?* Such a thought seemed remote-yet-familiar to
Callum. *Do they wipe the answers that I come up with? Do they change
me?* Any anger quickly dissipated, it wouldn\'t help him, especially
right now. He had already undetectably disabled the information repeater
that related information to him on the platform. He would have to go
back inside to get to the skyraft. The unfinished vehicle was still his
best chance at protecting his mentals from a complete overhaul.

*If they can do remotely alter my memories, change my ability to
think\...* He placed his hand near his cervical vertebrae, and broke
through the dermal layers. The pain did not perturb him much: it was a
small nothing in comparison to searing agonies within of his recent
past. He pushed through several bundles of of bio and piezo elastomer
neck muscles and enabled the low-power the laser cutter in his
fingertip. With his precise finger-controls, concentration and skill
allowed him to efficiently de-mod the bulk of his interfaces to the
netwebz: he took out his primary the angel connections. A few of the
communicators were deep within Callum's core and could not be removed.
He was not able to kill them because their operating functionality had
been built into his mainframe. But with some effort he was able to push
those i/o ports into non-broadcasting infinite loops. He didn't sense
any more connections. No droll chatter of other hybs on the wiwo. No
discourse on ways to work more efficiently, or distractions with
potential games. He would get no more maps, and no assignments. He was
now truly disconnected.

Callum had never enjoyed the connections that hs cohorts had. Their
leisure times, devoted to interpersonal soirees of fucking and or wiwo
gaming or playing playing in or watching hackball games helped to
maintain their sanity. Such interests had never captured Callums the way
it had them. Not that he hadn't tried to. He had played hackball, and
was pretty good at it. In solo scoring, he been undefeated. His teams
always seemed to lose though. Their loss was directly related to poor
teamwork, a concept which Callum had always been illogically
uncomfortable with. He quit after one cycle. He didn\'t ever feel the
same desires, did not perceive the same goals as everyone whom he was
surrounded by. So, instead, he began to do solely what he wanted to do.

His multi blood stained hand rested by is side. He was empty like the
color black. The silence in his disconnection penetrated him. Solitude
without equal greeted him.

**... AngelWarn! Uncertain temporal presence. Likelihood of rolling
perceptions as previously at 61.2% \...**

His existence swung within the grasp of the airy death. An
electromagnetic hook gained him his only attachment to the living. He
hung with one arms at the edge the slimy expulsion tube. THe
electromagnetic were holding him in place, though his ultracapacitor
banks were nearly completely depleted. Hs right hand held a a dead
root-of-the-sle that encroached the exit hole.

THe putrescence coated his body and gently trickled down his arm as his
fists grappled on his clung on. The warmly acrid stench that surfaced
him was of little bother in comparison to the many kmetrs of atmosphere
that loomed hungrily below him. He looked around.

The dimly growing light revealed the work platform where he had spent
all too much of his time. It was 33.2 metres to his right, and up
another 19.2 metres. A patchwork of gnarled and interwoven roots grew
into a seemingly unscalable vertical topology that separated his him
from the safety.

He knew where he was. The information comforted him, despite his
precarious dangling from one of the three waste-tube that expunged
non-recyclable, often radioactive bile that could be dangerous to the
Isle if it weren't expunged

Somehow, he feltxxavoid safer in his current position than what he saw
before him.

He looked quickly to the platform. Chiana was there, waving at him to
come toward her!

With no calculation, he grabbed harder to the dead root. The arm with
the functional electromagnets kept him from an airy demise, even though
his fingers were no longer functioning. He tried to move them, but his
finger-joints had separated as he clawed his way along non-metallic
tunnel sections that wouldn't support his magnetic hooks. The functional
hand afford him two points of contact between himself and death.

The trickle of waste stopped. 2.2 second later, the tubes' hatch sealed
shut as it broke his magnetic bond. In one motion, he pivoted around his
functional wrist as his weight pendulumed. At the half-period apex his
leg swung up, and around another dead root. Like the snapping of a twig
underfoot, Callum\'s feltxxavoid microfractures propagating in the
deadened roots. The skeletal remains disintegrated as he held to them.
They would not hold him for long.

He was a sloth surviving in the Isle's wooded tropics, surviving with
torpoforic movements along interwoven skeletons of living and dead
trees. The brittle root reduced its breaking scream as he squirmed away
from the closed portal. He looked around and swung his magnetic hook to
bind a magnetic
[[qcarbon]{.underline}](http://phys.org/news/2015-11-phase-carbon-diamond-room-temperature.html)
surface he hadn't previously seen. His position was now steady.

He looked up and right. A patchwork of handholds and exposed qcarbon,
suggested a possible route the platform that he hadn't previously seen.

With steady efficiency, he moved hand over hand, engaging his
electromagnets and his muscles with controlled power expenditure. On
nearly their own accord, his feet danced upon miniscule mutated nubbins
provided by the roots. He made it to the platform.

He looked around. Chiana was not there.

**... AngelWarnWarning! Uncertain temporal presence. Likelihood of
rolling perceptions as current at 33.2% \...**

Through the corner of his expanded periphery, Callum saw movement
through the airlock's window. Someone was coming*.* With the incision
sealed he moved, stumbling somewhat, into the most hidden place on the
platform: neatly tucked in a section behind a large root that he had
long ago created. He did not want confrontation: he calmed his heart,
his breath, and his non-essential metabolics to avoid detection.
Hopefully they didn't wait too long to leave, as the continual strain
being put on his system was pushing the safety factors of his immunics.

The door opening took longer than protocols required. A few squeaks of
air came from the airlock, it followed the same timeline as a high-level
repair-routine. This was a technique that he used to prevent system-wide
detection of its opening. He was one of two who knew this procedure. The
door opened with its characteristic swoosh sound. The desire to
immediately and look and see if it was who he thought was quelled by the
drive to stay hidden.
