Chapter 14 \[Uprising and Search.\] Chiana goes home
====================================================

Chiana's sprint ricocheted through the halls uncommon quientess of the
halls. The main transports were down, so she had to get their by her own
power. There was nearly a click of distance to cover to get to her
quarters. On her way she saw the occasional hyb with their head down
working on a repair or looking as they shuffled their assignment. When
the seemingly unclothed girl darted past they would look up, cock an
odd-stare, and then return to their duties. Chiana realized that she
didn't know what time it was. Nor did she know the time she had spent
with S.animas. With the question posed, she seemed to knew the time
instantly. It was towards beginning light-time 2:72:2123\.... Most hybs
would be rest and recharging.

*They are going to be fine,* Chiana told herself, *just get there fast.*
SHe increased her speed. It didn't last that long. She was unaccustomed
to speeds over such distance and needed to pause. She rested her hand on
hallway corner as she found her breath. She knew she had gone close to
700mxx in just under a min. *How do I know that?* The speed was fast for
a hyb. *I'm not hybrid. Hunh. How did I know what time it was, that
precisely?* Her thoughts returned immediately to her parents and the
S.animas' concern. Nearly recovering her wind, she stood upright and
returned to her stride.

Her legs burned with O2 starvation as she stopped at the room door. She
propped herself up against the door as she faced the vivometric scanner.
An indicator light flashed and indicated he door was sealed. Puzzled,
she tried again. The door did not open. *They never lock it.* The
situation was not right. Nothing about everything that had happened
recently was right. She imagined her mother\'s warmth, and the youthful
curiosity of her siblings. *My family is in trouble?* A scream with
frustration bubbled when an old memory surfaced instead.

***A memory***

As they had done before, S.animas rapidly projected elements of their
world-view for their student. This time they paused on their rule.
*Avoid useless conduct and actions.* Their multicolored cubism emanated
polyphonic vocals *"*Chiana, for what reason do we dwell on this
precept?"

As she sat in bodi, her younger voice replied, "Useless conduct and
actions do not help one to evolve the self the surrounding."

"How do you know if it is useless conduct?"

*"That's easy S.animas! Progress can't happen if conduct is useless."
She sat, happy that she was able to readily respond to her normally
dif*ficult teacher.

"Very good. What is progress?"

She bit her lower lip as she contemplated. "I don't know. Sometimes we
have to go back to go forward. Both may be considered progress. So,
maybe we won't always know whether things are useless, until later? "

S.animas glowed a soothing light from all parts of her body. "Should
later ever come, then perhaps there is truth to your answer."

**The present**

The memory faded as quickly as it came upon her. She calmed herself; she
could see now that shouting out her frustration would do little to
evolve the situation. Breathing in deeply she explored her thought.
Quickly, she came upon a solution. One that she had seen Callum achieve
when he wanted to take her to see something she had never seen: the blue
sky and the sun.

She moved to the supply closet across the hallway and gestured the code
that Callum had memorized. She entered. Every storage room had a similar
inventory layout. She moved to the corner and found the symbol she was
looking for. She grabed a small amount of metastable intermolecular
composite
([[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thermite]{.underline}](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thermite))
and an initiator used for temporary welding repairs. Returning to the
door of her abode, Chiana noticed the unusual emptiness in the area. At
least it would be easier to go unnoticed. She stuck the leaf-thin radio
frequency triggered plasma initiator on the thermite pack and placed the
device to the air intake vents. She stalled. When breaking in with
Callum, he triggered the device with his mods. She wasn't a hyb, but
somehow she knew she could trigger the RF ignition. *Maybe I could
trigger it with something else?*

The explosion was swift and loud. The smoke was immediately vented into
the quarters. *Or maybe I'll just be lucky.* She counted the seconds.
The particle detectors would not sense the smoke immediately, and
gesturing the emergency entrance key without an emergency hasten the
arrival of protectors to the area. That was *definitely* not what she
needed right now. xx She couldn't wait anymore and signaled the
emergency door release. It didn't open. It also didn't signal that
protectors were en route. *Did they change the protocol after Callum and
I saw daylight?* She couldn't wait longer. She thought about how else
she could open the door.

A red indicator glowed around the door's rim. It opened, revealing a
light metallic smell, but she couldn't see any smoke. *I guess the
ventilation here is more efficient for apartments?* Chiana entered the
room.

"Mom? Bro, Sis? You here." The placed looked slightly untidier than
usual. She walked around to her bunk and grabbed some clothes and put
them on. Looking at her siblings' bunks, she saw something very unusual.
They were unmade. *Not good, Mom hates it when they don't tidy their
stations. S.animas was right. Something's happened.* A uncomfortable
prescience came about her. On room's only table there were nutrition
blocks seemingly strewn about. Chiana knew there was something more. In
the corner there was a pattern of crumbled food with three spirals
inwardly folding to a center. She had only seen the simple visage one
other time.

**A memory**

K: \"Let\'s go out out, into the sun! Let\'s actually see the daylight
for once.\" Callum cajoled. He wasn\'t as modded as he had been before.

Chiana was hesitant in her response C: \"KCal, you know we can get in
major trouble for that.\"

K:\"Look. \*they\* get to enjoy the day-hours all of the time. There is
no good reason why we shouldn\'t experience the same, now and then. Only
the holelick hybs ever get a chance to see it in the day.\"

C:\"That might be true, but we and our fam can get in trouble for what
we do!\"

Callum looked to the ground. He hadn\'t enjoyed the comfort of a family
for a very long time. K: \"Well, Chi, you\'re pretty much my fam.\"

\"Oh, Cal." She looked at him softly. "You're right, you are fam too. I
don't want you to get in trouble, just as much as I just don\'t want
T\'aiman (other family names) to get in trouble.\"

\"They\'re going to be fine. I think that they\'re safe. Remember the
time that we crashed the Pura\'s Dance tourney and got caught? Your
family didn\'t suffer any repercussions at all, right?

Chiana recollected, C:"No, I suppose you're right."

K:"I'm not gonna push it, but your family might have some strong
contracts with the Tribunal."

Chiana's voice hesitated, "Yeah, I have gotten that impression too. My
mom will not tell me, though."

"OK, well you're probably safe if we get caught. But we *won't* get
caught. I have the security protocols in memory. That\'s because I fixed
them!" He smiled a little. "I might have snuck in a backdoor to make it
easier"

Her eye's widened. She knew of some of the techniques Callum had used to
create a bit-viruses that could give him a surprising amount of control
over a system. And any attempt to pinpoint the virus feature would
collapse the its waveforms' and render it nearly impossible to determine
the motivation and origin of the virus. The additional infos helped
Chiana to see that his plan was actually quite reasonable. She knew that
they would be fine, unless something unusual happened. That was a main
reason why she didn't want to join. It was also why she *did* wanted to
join. That, and she had always wanted to see the surface in daylight.
"I'm down."

"On fleek. We still have a good window to go, if you want bust now."
Callum excitedly nudged Chiana with his elbow.

"Lets."

Callum had smoothed the micro details, and they passed every security
and sterilization system with ease. They got to the surface, in the
Taigal zone. Even with the massive-shading they gave to each other the
tall trees were very bright compared to how they had seen them at night.
Both of their augmented eyes squinted as they acclimatized to the
brilliance.

Callum spoke with a quiet voice. "We have to stay right around here.
There are pura students and biotechs in the area. They have an
assignment that will keep them away from here."

Chiana nodded, and then walked to sit on a log. C:"This is damp, Cal."
She smiled at him and then looked up. The forest was different at day,
than it was at night. An occasional brush of wind paint the shadows in
different positions along their trunks.

Callum looked down at a pattern of light on some soil that was
unshielded by the trees. He picked up a stick and traced the shape.
Three spirals from triangular vertices spiraling into the center.

"Hey! You're not supposed to be here!" They turned to see a pura raising
his com to his hand and speaking into it.

Chiana looked back at Callum, "We're screwed AF."

**The present**

**xx** Xx not crumbs of wood but a painted puzzle on the touch-screen
table interface!!!

Xx The words looked like colors. Their shape formed a symbol that Chiana
had not seen. Memory fade in. (NOT CRUMBS. AN IMAGE IN TABLE) or an
inconsistent comedy thing. Better to be serious. Easier to understand in
movie context?

*Callum left a message in a pile of frilnicking food crumbs?*! She was
frustrated and perplexed at the situ. Still, the message' information
assembled in her mind. Several pieces, away from the bulk of the table,
contained a cipher between a pattern of crumbles, and numbers. With the
cypher, the patterns on the table had the numbers. The meaning of the
numbers was not as forthcoming. It was not enough information.

Chiana looked up at the room and slowly walked around the table,
pondering the numbers' implications. She looked down. From her rotated
position of the patterns formed even more numbers, unique to what she
had just seen. *This is it! there's symmetric compression in this mess.*
She moved around the table. From a total of 6 positions, she could read
the numbers. For the numbers to have any meaning only a few of the
positions could have significance. She ran through the information in
her mind without pause to consider the immensity of the task. Without
the severe training in mental algorithmics that the S.animas had
subjected her to, Chiana would be lost. The information slowly evolved
within her but she still could not reconcile which orientations to
consider. She delicately climbed atop the table and looked down from the
center.

As Chiana pivoted on the table, the information evolved into a jumbled
message. Every orientation contained something useful, as well as some
useless mumble. She glanced at the spiral. *The key! I'll use that.*
Filtering the data, a linear progression of numbers. She translated into
the I-I code (information interchange code) used by their archaic spoken
language and started to arranged the words.

*in.danger.pls.hlp.go.to.pltfrm.hybs.taken.to\...*

Hard footsteps sounded as they approached the apartment. Chiana looked
to the exit without completing the translation. She needed to leave and
now. Her legs took her bounding to the door, but not beyond it. Two
protectors stepped in and immediately took stance to block her escape.
In unison they spoke. "In accordance with Article 23, Section 12 of the
Laws of the Isle, you, Chiana xxx, are required to appear before
tribunal. They moved to grab her arms.

Her natural reactions had her moving before they could touch her. With a
sliding step-hop, she reached the other side of the narrow room. She was
quite trapped in her position. She slowly backed away to the dead-end of
the room as one of the protectors moved towards. The other protector
guarded the door. Still speaking in unison. "Failure to come with our
peaceful escort will lead to charges and may result in damage to you. Do
not resist."

Chiana hadn't bothered to memorize the terra-worded laws that were used
to facilitate 'order' for all on the Isle. She did know her rights,
however. She asked for clarification delaying their actions. Maintaining
a position to quickly move in as many directions as possible. C:"What
does Article 23, Section 12 read?"

They responded in timed unison, "All vita with alleged involvement in
the planning of or the implementation of seditious acts will be
immediately sequestered for their hearing and sentencing before the
Tribunal."

Chiana was perplexed. "What are you talking about? I've been with the
S.animas for the past twenty hrs?"

"That is irrelevant." Their authority continued. "Will you come
peacefully?"

She thought about it. "I suppose I will get a fair hearing, I will
come." She lied. As she relaxed her stance both protectors approached
her. The nearest one raised arm restraints to her. With quick twist, she
manipulated the first protector's hand movement as he tried to bind her.
A pizzicato strike snapped the cuffs into his free arm and engaged their
auto-locks. Chiana's next dancepar began.

### Chiana saves Callum

Xx S.animas created a hyV of Chiana of herself. Actually in later book
have her be able to disassemble and flutter away in coordinated
insectals. No: she can grow a buttefly from her skin. She can allow it
to fly away. xx Chiana saves callum

C:"Cal? Are you here?".

Hearing her voice, Callum reinitiated his metabolics and computation
cores. Her vocal spectrum indicated that it was indeed Chiana's voice,
and with 99.99% probability, not a simulated fabrication. He worked to
move.

"Cal? are you here?" Her vocal volume decreased. Likely, she remembered
to avoid speaking loudly with the distinct possibility that sonic
recorders would hear activity on the narrow platform.

The limbs of his body were taking longer than standard to move with
reasonable motor coordination. Moving to push himself into view he
instead stumbled into plane sight in the direction of the platform's
curved precipice. Unable to catch his movement, or his fall. The sound
of his body hitting the floor was something he had only heard when
Chiana had forced his fall while dancing. His arm, with its functional
hand, dangled from the ledge.

"Callum!" She raced to him.

He tried to get up but something was wrong. His microwoven muscles
provided only 0.1% of their average force capacity and were doing sowith
incredible lag.

"Oh no! Oh Call! What happened?" She muscled his lethargic body over so
he faced upwards. "You're freezing." She put her arm around him trying
to give him some of her body heat. It was basically a gesture as the
temp-suit that she wore worked to keep all of her heat contained.

Callum was cognisant, Chiana could see it in his eyes. His mouth was
moving as if to say something, but Chiana couldn't understand. He kept
moving his mouth until he finally croaked out some words.

K:"Glad. You. Here."

Callums pulse thumped wimpers through Chiana's fingers. His core was
close offline. "Callum, what will help you?" She spoke carefully to
ensure that his linguistics could appropriately understand her.

The boy's auto-diagnostics were in. They sequentially chirped to him the
analysis of different sensors. They all returned 100% efficiency. He
cross-checked his banks. Not all of his sensors returned his calls. He
queried his circulatory system fluidic. No response. Using a quickly
fabricated wormhole he tunneled to the sensors directly and found the
answer he needed. His veins were were saturated with repair hybrizimes
that increasing its viscosity. Beyond that, both of immune systems had
been infiltrated with unidentifiable microbes. They attacking
communication nodes between his biologics and netics. He needed to
purify them away, and he needed more liquid to do this. He stuttered,
K:"Nee-eed. W-w-ater.B-a-ad. Bloo.oo.oo.d" Callum's already difficult
speech was straining.

Chiana looked around. She couldn't see any water. She didn't want to go
back inside. That would take too much time.

"Callum I can't get water to you quickly. Do you want me to give you
blood?"

There was no response, his body started to twitch in her arms. She
thought quickly, and acted immediately. She hadn't studied it since she
was a child, but she was now fully aware of the hybrid's physiology. She
even knew of Callum's mods. Probably because she had seen them. C:
"You're going to have to give me access. Can you do that?" Still no
response. She touched his shoulder. She needed to get a few centimeters
under his skin to get to the brachial-subclavial artery junction. There
was a built-in needle-pin used for medical treatment that she could use.
Callum wasn't allowing his flesh to part to let her in. "Callum!" She
tapped his shoulder while loudly speaking. "Open your shoulder
junction!" Still no response. Her thoughts took her to how she could
manually open his flesh. Because of his interlacing networks, such brute
force opening would possibly be more dangerous. "Damnit!" She cursed and
hit his shoulder again. She wished the interface would open.

Callum's arm twitched slightly. It then slowly unsealed revealing
biomimetics working in unison with the enhanced biological tissues. The
arterial interface presented itself surrounded by the white and red
fibers. Delicately, Chiana reached in, displacing the tissue with her
fingers, and pulled the interface outward, so that it protruded from his
surface. She shoved the rigid capillary into the crook of her elbow. The
chilled blood immediately coursed into her arm.

She didn't worry considerably about their biological compatibility. The
intricately developed genetics all puras had given them
inter-compatibility between other puras. Not that transfusions such as
this would ever take place. Synthetic blood could be manufactured on
demand. Chiana first learned some of the intricacies of pura's and and
Hybrid's blood when her humorous shafted through her skin as she lost
her first dance as a young child. The shared blood was chilling.
Hopefully her blood would benefit Callum.

Blood dripped as she removed the interface capillary and sealed it. Her
body was cold from the inside. A snapping cold wind flushed her the
outside. She stood up and dragged Callum and herself to the wall. It was
warmer there. She put her arm back in her suit and the thermics raised
its temperature to help restore her equilibrium. She could feel her
heart, it was pumping differently. Its echo was dull and hollow. A
worried visage flashed upon her. *Will Cal's blood kill me?* She calmed
her emotions. They wouldn't do her well. Instead she folded her mind
inward and perceived all of her body.

As she had done many times, she observed and deconvoluted the synaptic
responses. Quickly, she found some organs that didn't feel right. Most
primarily, she could feel her livers. They seemed tense, and with a
temperature higher than the rest of her body. They were working hard.
With her expanded genome that organ filtered and broke down a vast
variety of objects. Now, they were autonomy was in danger. Chiana
relaxed further. In meditation, Chiana encouraged her blood flow around
the struggling livers.

She leaned against Callum and closed her eyes.

**... A memory \...**

Memory of something or other?

**... The present\...**

The boy restarted. The infusion that Chiana had given him helped his
filtration system to function at a sustainable rate. System after system
reported surviving functionality. He became aware of his surroundings.
Chiana was next to him. His ultra, millim, vibsensors pereceptions
combined with visuals he checked her vitals. She was exhibiting within 2
sigma of her normal specs. Her temperature was by 1.21degreeC. lower,
but nothing He hadn't seen before. Her breathing and eye-flicker
patterns indicated she was asleep in deep REM.

The next sensors system overloaded his logical response curator
algorithms. The urgency with which he needed to urinate was like nothing
he had experienced before. With no hesitation, Callum moved to the
platform's edge. With his balance still in limbo, he crawled along the
edge of the wall, and kneeled to release himself. The light wind at his
back accentuated his necessity. Releasing the volume of his own
waste-products was a relief like no other. He had nearly finished when
he remembered.

He looked back at the airlock. A small light flashed red near the
Airlock's physical handle. "Fracts." He crawled backwards to rest next
to Chiana. The Isle's sensors had detected the unscheduled release of
material. It was a crime to irreversibly dispose of something that could
be recycled. Their position was surely known by the protectorate. There
was nothing more they could do but wait for the inevitable. He hugged
Chiana, hoping he would see her again. "Thank you, Chiana."

Her eyes slowly opened, and brightened upon seeing Callum no longer
encumbered (wc.) She moved to speak. The rapid Hiss of the airlock on
emergency depressurization scalded their ears. Protectors stepped out,
holding black-objects pointed at the two of them. By the plasma
inductors and powerpacks woven within their construction, the objects
were obviously energy weapons. The type of technology that had been
prohibited on the Isle.

Their eyes met with a quick glance, unconsciously communicating
acceptance of their powerless situation. xx milihexisecs later, they
were unconscious.

XX DIORO IS THE ONE WHO DID THIS. SHE WAS SUMMONED TO GET THE INFECTED
HYBRID
