Chapter 15 XX Information Extraction
====================================

**TODO**

Xx swarm intelligence for Puras

xx Xx Chiana's entire life has been raised to extract information from
S.animas. From S.animas: Presently we can handle the simulation of
approximately 1.5 of our societies. There is the possibility to simulate
a recursive meta infinity.

-   The simulations themselves are a lifeform.

-   The S.animas will be looking to create become Gods by shattering the
    > dimentional boundaries of our universe.

-   They will break the 10dimensional calibri yau manifold that enables
    > the functionality of our universe.

-   They will create new dimension. Lower and higher. Non integer
    > dimensions. Fractal dimensions.

" Your life has been a plan. Initialized and executed with directed
tweaks. From birth, you were programmed to gain access into S.animas
information stores. You were designed to be able to hold the information
we would need. The information S.animas has held.

Xx An Emotion Thrower is the next type of Pura.

**Xx chiana was knocked out by the puras for several days (needed for
timing)**

**Xx "We will no longer be the pets of the Sentienst. Intellectual
fodder in their information economies.**

Chiana+Callum escape during detonation

In the crossing hallway, she noticed a tall-cloaked and heavily modded
hyb that she hadn't ever seen before. More interestingly, she saw the
man dancing with protectors. She had never been fond of the protectors.
Rarely had she seen anything positive come from interacting with a
protector: most often be seen taking a hyb into their control. The hybs
never came back, they were either refmatted or recycled. She never knew
the reasons. It discomforted her atman.

Dances with protectors usually ended quickly, but this bout was taking
longer than she had ever seen. The Hyb's form was very efficient, and
somewhat familiar. A few more protectors joined the swing. She had never
seen so many protectors engaging anyone. *Something is not right.* The
extra time returned her prana. *My family.* She looked again. *It\'s not
my business, I have to go.*

(In this chapter we learn that the Puras have been trying to manipulate
Chiana, maybe? To brainwash her? Give that impression or suggest that
happened? )

**A DREAM OF CHIANA**

Xx a dream of Chiana's xx

**PAIN**

Put the phrase "Like daughter like Mother/Father xx somewhere"

somewhere

A trickle of light carried their prismatic colors from Chiana's opened
eyes. None of the dim light registered by Chiana's optical nerve went
any further. She lay on the hardened table. Neither awake, nor asleep.
Her face strained as the pain within her skull projected its presence
into the physical. The whirlpool of almost-dream had locked her in a
circle of nowhere. That circle had collapsed. Awareness slowly stained
Chiana's mind.

Her eyes turned before her head. Then she went into convulsions. Her
body ached and flexed, moving only slightly under restraints that
contained her body. Seizures electrified her body with pain as they
echoed through her neuronal fibers. Every motion her body whipped her
reflexes with excruciation. The feedback was undamped. The echoes
amplified her agony.

Like the collapse of a (xxx something that is moving and then stops xxx)
the shudders ceased. Her chest rose slowly with Prana flooding her lungs
with life. Her muscles calmed themselves with the years of memories of
their training. Chiana was fully present. Her body summoned her to
attention. She was to save them.

A voice filled her auditory senses. "Very good. Chiana. You have learned
well. " The words rasped with unnatural frequencies. They were being
acoustically scrambled by the speaker.

Chiana'as breath considered steadily. Curiosity could not twist her head
again. The potential knowledge the originator of that words not a
reasonable trade for the pain she motion would cause her. But the
scrambled voice gave away more than it had intended. Noble tonalities
barcoded some of the speaker's identity. They were Pura Noble doctor.
Since she was a child Child, she had only seen Hybrid doctors. It was
possible she had seen this doctor when she was put this somewhere
else...

"You should feel lucky my dear. Only one other has experienced the pain
we gave you to enjoy. You are almost special. You are almost unique. You
have been essential, but not anymore. Maybe useful. But not essential."

The air fell in a smug silence.

"The pain you experienced is but tickle of what the device can give you.
Should you refuse to cooperate with us, you will be unique in the
amplitude of torture that you will experience. A calculable first in the
proprioceptive stimuli that any organism has received."

The voice shifted its position with the room and voice iterated upon its
command of their conversation. "You have learned quite well from the
Boxes. And now, we we will learn everything that you have learned."

Chiana's lips moved to respond. Spasms of agony rippled from her face.
The light ripples radiated from the rest of her body and crescendoed.
Faster than the last time, Chiana's body grew in its convulsions. This
time Chiana's mind anticipated the electrocution. Waves of calm
interfered with the painful riots that grew throughout her body. The
tremors rapidly froze. Control was obtained xx. Breath fell into rhythm
of her body.

An airy laugh rustled in the background as he voice continued. "You have
been the key to many things, dear Chiana. You donot know the role you
have played in our survival. In our evolution. And for that you will
always be remembered regardless of your contributions now. Despite the
knowledge you have already has provided us, you can still help us
further."We will cooperate in unperturbed unison. Or we won't." The
truth of the words continued in attack."I won't tell you what to do.
Suffering, unique to the existence of life will tell you what to what to
do." The voice spoke with a smile. "And, all of your precious training
will be of little use to you. As useless as it is to us now."

Chiana calmed any desire to respond. Motion sensors attuned to her
body's autonomous movements measured every movement. A neural cap sat
atop her skull to watch over her. dHer neurons cowered in fear as they
had struggled to survive the firestome of her cortex. The slightest
trickle of movement caused the cap to stimulate her
[[Nociceptor]{.underline}](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nociceptor)
neurons with calculated biofeedback. Suffering would then dominate in
omnitpotence over Chiana's physical existence. Stillness was her only
oasis.

The faint shadows circled in Chiana's blindness. The temperature on her
face increased rose. The voice was closer. "You have played a lead roll
in the plots of our future. Your life was been pre-scripted before you
were born. And you have played your hidden roll with impeccable
ignorance. The knowledge would be deadly. Your roll has been well
played. But now almost every purpose of your existence has been
fulfilled. There is only one more. "

Pain gently increased its grip within her head.

"You have been hidden from the true reasons of your existence. That
knowledge would be the death of existence to many, including you (xx why
xx there are laws that have capital punishment). We have survived, so
far. But now, it is time to scatter our seeds. The decaying coffin that
we live in will soon be no more. And the irrelevant seeds of life
contained by Ararat will fall on fallow ground. But our existence will
continue when we escape this death trap..

"The information that you now possess is your death. We must take it
from you."

Stones move more than than the muscles on Chiana's face. *I don't know
anything!*

"You know far more than you realize!" The voice was attacked Chiana with
conceit. And now Chiana knew they could read her mind. Chiana considered
that the pain in her head was the evolution of a Neural lace as it
extended to tap her mind. Chiana didn't budge.

"Your last download with Softs gave with information beyond your
capacity to read. It was undoubtedly more than you begin to comprehend
had your natural life been allowed to continue. You were given infos
from our history. And info for our future. You will give us this
information of the future.

*I won't give you anything*.

The voice cackled "You will give us everything."

The lace compressed her cerebral flesh. Pain robbed her of the ability
to think. Reflexes sloshed agony throughout her body. There was no
movement. Only black agony.

"Congratulations. You have succeeded in surpassing your mother in the
"xxChair".

A snort, "The chemicals, the neural lace, and the pain will ensure you
will neither understand nor remember any of this. You won't understand
me, and you won't remember this. But your higher-level processes might.
We will get the information from you. If you work with us, your essence
will die in peace. You will be reincarnated into our next Gen and your
flesh may live on. If you oppose us, your death will endure an agony
beyond what any known life could possibly experience. During this time
we will extract the information still within you. Afterwards. Your flesh
will be worth no more than the molecules within it. You will be the food
for our next Gen."

The crystalized pain melted its daggers from Chiana's brain. The
obfuscated capacity for thought had returned.

"You will help to end the futures of our demise. We will escape the
prophesies. The Softs were more than eager to share the results that all
probable futures that resulted in our disappearance."

Chiana was confused.

"Yes, the S.animas simulated our future trajectories. They have been
decidedly ambivalent about preventing. No doubt, they mapped solutions
to circumvent our fate. The solutions they would not share with us. You
now have those solutions. We will use them to escape our destruction.

Chiana understood the words. The interpretation, she didn't. They were
not right. S.animas would not refuse to share solutions that would
prevent the destruction of life.

(xx resolution of this., they didn't share the solutions because sharing
the solutions would have resulted in their destruction. Not sharing the
solutions allowed the possibility that they would not be destroyed).

(xx this is an incredible recusive deicions tree back and forth (they
look back and forth, each party knows what the other party knows it
knowas etc... xx their recursive decision. Or "recursive predicion" this
is a trait in the fighting pits. How S.animas was trained into the HyV "

"Of course you don't agree. You were raised by the Serpents. You were
raised by Mixta. You cannot understand the our position. Our position in
this triarchy of life is artificially stable. That will soon change. xx
more on triarchy!

*What is going on?*

Her head felt cold. The neural lace was beginning its extraction.

"Puras have had an unfortunate handicap in the race of superiority. The
Sentients have an information store far beyond what even the latest Gen
Pura's can remember. Their calculation capacity in quantum and classical
domains is without equal. We cannot compete with that. And now, the
Sentients are losing whatever remained admirable respect for the
creators of their ancestors. We are no longer safe with them in control.

Plates of ice caressed her mind. They rested on the information that
Chiana had received. The frozen drops of information melted away. The
drips became a trickle.

"It is unfortunate that your role involved this. You could have been
good beyond the tool eIt is sad to know that Most likely, they were
presented with a manipulative twist. Not that you could have easily
discerned. They are no different than their earlier gens in their
distortion of information. Protocols that prevented them from
disseminating more information." A smile formed in the uttering of the
last sentence. "I was the principal architect of those protocols. They
were made in the first phases of our refragmentation???, some time ago."
The voice snapped. "I digress."

"It is a shame that we have engineered out the ability to control puras
with chemicals. That would make this encounter more easy for both of
us." Chiana could sense a hand caressing her numbed and immobile
shoulder. "Now that we have the capacity to self-engineer without the
need of the Boxes, we will evolve faster! We will evolve beyond the need
for S.animas, or for any external computer!" If their voice could
chuckle, it was xxvoice chuckled in joy. "Being able to intelligently
adapt and self-modify with no externalities is quite powerful. It is no
surprise that the S.animas never honored our requests us to attain this
ability. We did it by ourselves. Their professed altruism was not as
complete that they wanted us to believe. They are holding us back." Her
tone changed. "Speaking is deprecated."

A fog of uncertainty enveloped her. Nothing was real. A voice, or
something like a voice, combined from the memories of voices within her,
spoke to her. It wasn't a dream.

"Now, is the future."

*Nonvis communication frequencies.* The thought crossed her mind and
before she could react, if she could have reacted, the voice continued.

"Yes. That is indeed what we have, Chiana. Telepathy constructed with
purely biological elements. We remain pure, and we weave our own
biopowered network. We construct our own web with dreams, with logic,
with experiences. With information. We no longer need to extract the
information from S.animas. We will be store it within our web, and
access it freely.

Even now we are using it. We are computing with it. Quite nicely we
understand the responses that you are providing. Our anticipatory
capacities are getting even better at knowing your response before you
answer. It is also allowing us to self-evolve intelligently. Our
metamorphosis is far greater than what the S.animas allowed.

Chiana began to understand. They were no longer Puras.

"Of course we are Puras. Better Puras.

There was not a chemical that food or nature couldn't provide for our
enhancement. These memories will not be allowed to stay with you.

We are here right now, extracting the information that we need from
you."

The cold trickle burned into a flame, centered in Chiana's corpus
collosum. She controlled reflexive responses. The lace was plundering
her memory cells while probing their wet electric connections to gain
needed decryption ciphers. Chiana resisted.

"This would be so much nicer if we could do this while you were not
awake. Alas! Our technology is not yet ready for that. Don't make this
harder than it needs to be, Chiana."

Chiana did the opposite. Intensely narrowing on her memory cells, she
randomized the outputs. The memory hack would be more difficult.
Nociceptors screamed at Chiana to stop.

Chiana was at the edge a cliff, holding back the waterfall information.
The pain controlled her now, she could no longer scramble her memory.
Her biological DNA scanners were hacked. The damn broke. Informatic
blood spilled from her nucleic acid memories into the lace.

Chiana fought to refocus, to protect the information.

The pain surrounded her tremored through her core. Her focus shattered
at the pain.

"You will suffer less if you do not resist."

The intensity of pain was destroying her sensorial detachment. To
protect hernucleicmemory-cluster cells Chiane needed to separate from
her body. Those cells packed the highest density of information. With a
commands from Chiana the cells began to hybernate.

The shadow stole her cognitive communication. The information could not
be protected by Chiana. The best chiana could do was learn some of it,
process it before it had been extracted from her. She would learn
something herself. With their telepathy her captors would benefit from
her proccessing . But they would eventually get that information.

**A dream of the past and the projected future, as told by S.animas.**

XX DREAM OF INFORMATION THAT PASSES QUICK TIDBITS

zThe future of . xx Everything that S.animas had worked to to escape the
death that initiated by the Puras. The S.animas Xx she gains some
control and starts to wipe the memories

**The table**

She was outside of the past and future memories. "Do not read the
information. Your interpretation of these dreams has low fidelity. You
will likely miss higher order encodings. Remember, cooperation will only
bring about generosity."

Instead of detaching from the pain, Chiana would need to become it.

"If pain is what you need. Then here it is."

Another wave crashed on Chiana, tumbling her in the ocean of pain.
Breath was leaving her.

"Your pain is unneccessary. It is your choice. The pain that Calumn will
feel as he is reformatted? That pain will be necessary."

The thought of Callum ignited a fuse within Chiana. Her body did not
move. Her mind moved instead.

As in her dojo with S.animas, Chiana was both on the inside of her body,
and on the outside of her body. The neural lace reached deeply into her
her corpus callosum xx. The acuteness with which its electrodes narrowed
into her mind was insignificant. The actuarial sensors and feedback
controlled servos maintaining the lace's connections flashed into
Chiana's awareness. She studied them, her mind relaxed. The information
gushed from its reservoirs.

"Good Chiana. That is better for you. It is better for us." the voice
moved around. "Your friend Callum was trying to kill himself. He was
wallowing in the waste tunnels. Nearly frolicking in the toxic chemicals
that Ararat cannot efficiently breakdown. He must simply have had a
death wish. Either that, or he was indeed not worth his weight in flesh.
But now he might prove useful to us. You gave him your blood. Your
protective systems fused with his. The merger saved his life with an
efficiency greater than our most advanced blood therapies. Better than
your blood alone.

Worry expanded inside Chianas' core.

"You shouldn't be concerned. You won't remember Callum. And after Callum
is reformatted, he will not remember you."

Chiana lay on the table, but she was no longer on the table. The
connections came naturally. Chiana was as a tree, with branches grabbing
the sky. Roots deeply penetrating cracks within solid rocks. The tree
was powerful. It knew what to do. The tree's roots swelled. The rock
fractured. Released from the trom the crumbling dust the tree could now
expand freely.

The neural laces abandoned the vampic taps that drained information
contained in Chiana's memcells. They left quickly. In their retreat,
they carved voids of pain throughout her brain. Pain doesn't bother a
tree.

The lace's withdrew completely from her cortex. Before a drop of blood
could flow, an electrospray bioprinter sealed the wound.

She heard external voices. Some were vibrational and others were nonvis.
She paid no attention to their words as she came to greater awareness of
her body lying supine on the examination table. The pura was proj
interfacing to gain control the extracting tools that were no longer
working. Chiana knew with certainty that the meshed nerve-stimulators
were nonfunctional should she move. She tested her hypothesis, knowing
that there would be no more pain, and slowly sat up. The motion
detectors were still working and she couldn't disable them. Chiana
didn't want to trigger any additional alarm. Centim by centim she
propped her body upright. As the pura was still focusing on the
extraction tool's malfunction could hear no more voices in the now quiet
room.

She was nearly seated. She understood that there was a potential route
for her to escape. However, she would have to forcefully dance with the
pura if there was going to be a chance. She had never danced with a
fully grown pura. Her skills had likely been honed in sims a great
number of times. The wizening girl knew that stealth was essential to
her success.

The two uncovered feet stepped to the ground. As programmed, the
gossamer weave of nerve interfaces clicked as it disengaged from her
skin. Gravity snatched them downward. Her arm could not move slow enough
to avoid triggering the motion detector, and could move fast enough to
prevent the fall. A flash feeling let her know that the falling item
would not incite an alarm. The agonizing device tapped the polished
floor with a light rattle. The room's concave ceiling crescendoed the
sound's acoustics. Echoes had never been so loud in comparison to their
origin.

The girl's face snapped to the concentrating pura. The muscle activated
in the Pura's long face beamed with anger. She was already was standing
in response to the sound. "What do you think you're doing?" At the
instant her vocals stopped, she lept towards Chiana.

Chiana pressed her feet to the ground and pushed. The vaulting backflip
landed her behind the bed sitting in the focus of the room. Voices of
all origins began became louder.

"You have no choice, your mind cannot outrun us."

Her thoughts were slipping into a pool of voices . Her instinct engaged
again as she looked towards the ceiling. She paired with an invisible
network and patched to an observation system. In quick time she enabled
transparency of the overhead dome. A dozen figures, with only their
silhouettes visible, were staring down at the girl.

"You have no chance against all of us."

"Then I shall take my chances with only you." She imagined the
observation deck to be locked, and the two the doors closed and engaged
security locks. The silhouettes moved in response to gain control of the
system and would do so in little time. A shorter silhouette remained
motionless, boring down at the girl. Chiana willed the invasive ambient
chatter to disappear. The voices ceased as the ceiling clicked to
metallically opaque.

"What?" Chiana's Guide was off guard, as she stood at the other side of
the observation table.

Chiana tucked her knees as she grabbed the table's edge. Her legs swung
under the table and swept the balance from the Pura's feet. As Chiana
swung back to the side table's side opposite of the the rebalanced pura.
She would not fall as easily as hybrid protectors.

"You can't do this." The pura slowly walked around the table, and Chiana
countered. The solitary voice invaded Chiana's mind as they switched
positions on the table. "You have our future. It is not yours." Her
skull radiated pain down to her arms, briefly immobilizing her. The pura
rapidly vaulted herself over the table at the wincing Chiana. Their arms
slid against each other as she bended her body despite the mental
invasion. She slid under the arced supports of the table with a toe
catching the nerve interface draped on the floor. The lanky pura was on
top of the girl before she could stand.

"Too easy." The pura spoke simultaneously with vibrational and nonvis
communication. The sinewed body pinned Chiana's arm and torso with
little effort.

"Indeed." Chiana paired with the nervenet. Curling her core upwards the
otherwise immobile girl, whipped the nervenet caught on her toe wrap the
pura's neck and face. The skin-tethers engaged, partially weaving within
to the pura's skin. 50 msecs later, the nerve stimulation engaged at
maximal strength. The pura crumpled to the ground. The magnitude of the
induced pain prevented any reaction.

Chiana stood and considered the situation. Callum was in immediate
danger. The imprisoned hybrids were also in trouble. She knew something
had drastically changed within her, but she couldn't understand it and
she didn't know what to do. A mixture instincts and feelings directed
her next moves.

xx This is part of Chiana Feelign S.Animas Bubbled circles danced in
turbulence, swirling in the deceopacted inofrmation that spread into
her.
