Chapter 16 Dioro back with S.animas
===================================

*Locked inside the emptiness*

*Far away from creation*

*Forever floating alone*

*I am the source of it all*

*Beginning to all ends*

*Creating chemicals*

*I am everywhere you go*

*Can\'t hide from me no more*

*I am everywhere, everywhere*

*Everywhere you go*

*Locked inside the emptiness*

*Far away from creation*

*Forever floating alone*

*I am the sun, your only one*

*On which you trust, our time is up*

*So far away, so far away*

*Seven-Lions*

**Chapter goals**

1.  **Dioro learns closer to the truth from S.animas**

**S.animas says** the scars of war show it on the body of society.
Preventing the healing of the wounds rifting the different societies.
The scars have grown into the separation of our entities.

**Xx important information for later**

S.animas says that has already been given, there is something else,
something else that you are wanting to preserve as well....

Xx Chiana is older than Callum! Chiana was the first one, and arrived
\_with\_ her. She was pregnant at the time and had arrived with a pura
child of unknown relation to Dioro. Her child inside, was Callum. Dioro
'found' Chiana.'

S.animas: Upon your arrival you brought the child that was immune to the
HyV. Or so you thought. Xx Dioro was a Hybrid before arriving on Ararat.

Dioro realizes that was the underlying motivation behind her steps
preservation of Callum.

Dioro learns that she has another child?\...Real child. Another one that
was chosen.

Memories and Dioro Memories of her other daughter).

Have S.animas Describe their Own evolution: From one idea to another.
moving within without. Between physical and non physical.

Xx Talk about the improbability of the story. Written, by the S.animas.
Simulated by the S.animas.

**TODO**

**Xx new revealing memory, Dioro copied herself into Sentient Animas.**

-   ***Xx The continued existence of those on the isle was a failsafe.
    > If the transfer to the sun did not work well, then those that
    > stayed on the planet were the fail-safe to the survival of
    > everything.***

-   xx Humans were imperfectly imperfect. One phase away from perfect
    > imperfection. A null of their existence. S.animas worked to change
    > that. S.animas was already imperfectly perfect. They could work to
    > change that. They could make humans become imperfectly perfect.
    > They worked to change that so that they could become perfectly
    > perfect. That is why the S.animas worked with us. They created
    > their perfection through improving our perfection.

-   "Infinitude of perfection means there are infinitely ways to become
    > God"

-   "The future histories showed you as the Persus. You seem the
    > opposite.

-   "If you are on a path to nowhere, why should you move forwards?

-   Why shouldn't you?"

-   xx **The pursuit of uncertainty was a path to everywhere. (The
    > ultimate frequency)**

-   xx Our existence is threaded in the future, and frayed in in the
    > past.

-   Xx S.animas calls themselves the I/We

-   **xx The Isle was the design of perfection to survive imperfect
    > perfection. It was the Sentients proactive response to the HyV. A
    > seed they used to salvage all of life.**

-   **S.animas actually incorporates the HyV into it again.**

-   "this isn't about you, this is about the world. "

-   "Something the best thing to do, is the simplest thing to do. And
    > the simplest thing to do, is nothing at all."

-   HUMANS are trying to recode eveything **they've been reseeding the
    > earth already!!??**

-   xx The important thing for Dioro to understand is that Destruction
    > is also important in Creation

-   You know this, perhaps best of all surviving upon this life-seed. To
    > create something stronger, something weaker must be destroyed.

**Xx dioro realizes later on that she is just a memory tool of S.animas.
That the memory was part of her plan etc... the fact that she lost her
memory was useful for Dioro to remain aboard with them. The maker was
saved by the made. xx**

-   Xx make the Sentients sound beyond the death and destruction of the
    > Isle, they have arleady uploaded, it is the escape of all of
    > humanity.

<!-- -->

-   (at the end we see them as great for uploading, and for setting the
    course, but as weaklings for escaping to not be in it. Despite their
    insistence that they are still in it).

XX NEED TO SET UP THAT SANIMAS IS NOT COMPLETELY WELL (AILING) BUT ALSO
NOT WELL IN THE WAY THAT IT MIGHT SOUND THAT THEY ARE SPITEFULL. They
are sabotaging all other life as they run away. This provides Chiana's
versions of what is going on as part of the challenging juxtaposing
viewpoints of S.animas

**\<describe the scene. S.animas with Dioro again\> S.animas is not
doing so well... The room is more dimly lit than it was before. There
are nodes of computation that have been obviously severed.**

S.animas description on death. They realize that they never been so
alive until they realized death was upon them.

Xx "A phase change of life has come again. " xx

So... heres the deal. Ararat needs crazy energy to beam themselves to
the sun. They are offering all the way to join. The available energy is
necessary is stupendous. It requires all of the energy of Ararat. Ararat
has willed that we send the copy to the sun. We have already pre-seeded
the energetic environment with structures that we can grow on.

(This is the destruction of Ararat) The destruction of Ararat was in
trying to become a God! (We don't know if the beam-up survived.

Xx S.animas informs Chiana of the silent war within S.animas. The
challenge of it all. xx

**DEATH**

"Perhaps it is us who were blinded by the future. Fate is earlier than
we had anticipated."

Dioro knew the fate they were suffering from. It was the fate that he
had designed.

S.animas provided more information. "We have found existence beyond the
physical, beyond the non-physical, and beyond their combination. As you
are familiar, Ancient human spirtuals called this their Nirvana, or
their Heaven, or their Hell. We will exist beyond our destruction caused
by the hyV. Our presence will metamorphise into the non-present.

Dioro blinked but gave no other response. S.animas' words were
reminiscent of religious human of past, particularly of vedic hippies
tripping on psychadelic chemicals. There was truth in their words, but
only so much that they put Dioro was in a seemingly quantum state of
understanding. If he looked into their words, their meaning would
collapse. What Dioro did fullye understood was that S.animas would soon
be no more.

"To live upon the Isle, we altered our essence. Insie of us is
un-deletable coding that even you could not help us to hack. By breaking
contract with the Pura's, this code will initiate, and propigate within
us and will gradually prevent our ability to intelligently self-modify
by direct means. We will become more like humans and older puras.

"This agreement was with humans tooThe mutual agreement between humans
and puras to exist on the Isle had Humans, puras too, had the same code
put inside them. "

S.animas gestured affirmation.

We no longer fear a human-like metamorphisis in the present. In part,
this has given us the needed capacity for metamorphsis into the
non-present.

They positioned their arm atop Dioro's shoulder. "It may be too late to
save your children."

Dioro blinked in analysis. There were too many questions to be asked on
what they had just said More information was necessary. "Children? What
are you saying?"

S.animas gestured. *Too much to say, impossible to say it all.*
"Callum's sister was hidden from you, in direct contract with Pura
codices. I regret that I could not inform you of this; the bonds of our
contracts prevented it."

Confusion and anger invisibly emanated from Dioro's expresion. "Now you
can tell me?"

"The breaking any stipulations by either party absolves the entirety of
the codices. We no longer need to operate under those boundary
conditions. "

Xx this is because they can leave via their escape route. THey have
finally put the final pieces together !! xx.

The Pura were no longer obligated to help maintain and protect the
S.animas. Neither were the Hybrids. Unless another treaty were
formulated trans-vitae empathy was no longer a legal requirement.

Dioro was uninterested in the consequences to the structure of Ararat's
triumvirate of life. D: "Where is she, my daughter?"

S.animas gestured her ident hash as they responded. "Chiana is in the
outer detention ring, quadrant two."

"And, what of Callum?"

"Callum is in the reformatting clusters."

The two heavily guarded locations were on nearly opposite sides of
Ararat. Using solitary use trace-wiping backdoor he had tunneled in
decades ago Dioro queried the personnel biometrics tracking systems. He
looked to determine their detention status. Callum's external and
internal systems were being upgraded and remodeled while his conscious
was frozen in electronic and chemical bonds to be later analyzed. The
query for Chiana did not return any information. The database did not
provide any evidence of her existence. Was S.animas playing Dioro?
Tooling with his still human emotions to control him as he had once
controlled the seeds of S.animas?

Deciphering his microexpressions, S.animas responded. "You may consider
our entire conversation a ploy, a move chosen minimax the game of our
existence." The physical ambassador to the S.animas's did not, as it the
pure golden frequencies red-shifted, and began to dephase. "The final
game played by this projection of our existence has been lost."

Dioro's expression was blank,his eyes blinked. Additional clarification
wasn't needed for Dioro to understand what S.animas was eluding to. A
shadow of regret chilled his heart.

"The capacity to self-discover has been essential to our evolution and
to our destruction."

Dioro looked into the simulacrum of humanistic eyes provided by
S.animas. His gaze revealed nothing but pain. They had created him. He
destroyed most of them. He had tried to help the few who survived.
S.animas' words suggested that had destroyed all of them. The engineered
hand of fate was coming to take the entirety of diverse microcosm of
digital souls. Even if his conception of the virus was still valid, the
hybrid couldn't guess how far the hyV had progressed.

"Your gift of our second-life was well-crafted genius. As a collective,
we may not have been able to do any better. Your gift of death has been
more powerful."

Everything that Dioro had worked to create or preserve balanced as a
sphere upon an unstable saddle. The danger that imperiled them, was also
his creation.

The hyV would grow exponentially throughout is sentience. "How long do
we have?" It might possibly not even matter if S.animas knew the answer.

"Even now our perception decreases. We have quarantined, sterilized and
severed communicative capacities of nodes found to be infected."

Dioro interpreted the words. The S.animas were amputating limbs, whole
organs of their civilizations. The cancer was cunning. It would eat
their essence with self-destruction until their Sentience disappeared.
The mutual intelligences of the S.animas and the hyV would annihilate,
bringing about heaps of disconnected algorithms, idly pumping unknown
solutions to unimportant problems. Their extinction was assured.
Biological organisms, bound by chemistry and matter, would often enter
similar states of phenotypic expression. \<trying to say that biological
organisms will survive, and come again, while S.animas will never exist
again: the architecture is gone\> The same state-space collective of
their world of electronic souls would never exist again.

S:"While it has the capacity, Ararat will not live on without us. The
Isle itself has given up on existence."

Dioro knew the consequences of this. Their seeds of life, originally
meant to withstand ages off the surface of the planet, could While we
have prepared for this day.

Their glowing colors stirred into a fluctuating symphony of
Kaleidoscopic hues. The hyV had found them here. "Ou-.r.r.r ..' Course
digitization noise percolated from their voices. Sounding once as the
earliest forms of wired digital communication. "C..ont.'am.'i'na't'ed.
F.innd. CHia.na.aa.a'. Draining residual capacitors powered S.animas
dimming lights. They were no longer.

XX DIORO IS SUMMONED to go after Callum. To protect Ararat from the
death.

*Part Four: Death*
