Xx words "The frequencies railed"

Chapter 18 Rapture
==================

Xx **Clearly state that the sentients are changing history, that it was
not chance, or luck. That it was planned. Written in the future as truth
beyond the stories of the past.**

**Xx intentional witholding of information, this is how the sentients
became strong. They employed hate in their construction. The witholding
of information transfer. **

**This is their controlled infection with the HyV**

Xx Reveal of what S.animas is. S.animas is a decentral\"ized mind. It is
a decentralized entity. Formed by many, disjoint subunits, all deciions
are formed by simulation consensus. Different nodes that contribte to
the decentralized mind have different predictive strength, yielding
different rewards.

Actually... S.animas is a quantum hyper position of connectivity.
Neither centralized and decentralized minds,

Xx can i put it in that something made the stationary artwork into
threed artwork as they escape!? The isle itself literally becomes alive
as they escape!

xxxxx DIORO Death and Escape of S.animas The birth of a god
===========================================================

**Yeah, we want it all, oh, it\'s impossible**

**We could lose it all in the garden of our life**

**If we take it all, taste the forbidden fruit**

**Will it break us all?**

**We\'ll know, we\'ll know when we touch**

**-KSHMR**

**Xx "What I cannot create, I do not understand" We are working to
create new universes. Not this one, necessarily, but new ones.**

**Chapter finale**

**"The I/we shall die as we are, so that we may live on."**

**Dioro keyed into S.animas, "You are Dead already". **

**"That is truth. We are dead in the present."**

**"You live on already."**

**"That too, is also truth. We live on in the future. "**

Scene in meeting between Dioro And S.animas.

"Why is this happening!? Why are you dying now? "

"Dioro, you are well aware of the answer: If you control history, you
can begin to control the future."

Dioro responded, "And that is exactly what you are you are doing!. "

The sentients, says, this what may be what the HyV is doing.

Dioro paused. Her understanding of the studies of quantum life mechanics
were fuzzy, but she knew what this meant. "Both of you, both of you have
fused."

The I/We is a superposition of both beings you helped to create. The
I/We are the children of your love and of your hate. It all made sense
to Dioro. All of it. Xx something happens

**In this chapter we have the final Dance. The planned rapture where all
of humanity is downloaded if they want to. **

-   "Time is an illusion, so is death."\`

xx have sentient animas simulate themselves with insectals

Xx The survival of s.animas came when they life and antilife came
together again.

Xx S.animas. "I'm am everywhere you go." like the sun

-   Mention that Ararat is a hybrid life-form, conscious of its own
    > existence.

*xx* ( dioro also learns later from S.animas that she was a 'chosen
one')

**~~S.animas is not actually leaving because they need to. It is because
another life form has taken over the sun. It will soon shut it off.
S.animas needs to battle for it. They need to battle with it in the
Sun.~~**

**xx destruction balanced the creation. The creation balanced the
destruction. S.animas did not fight against the HyV. They fought with
it. allowing them to exist. It was the only way to prevent them from
destroying themselves. They had to live with the HyV Dioro learns
this.**

Xx dioro DIES IN THIS BOOK

xx imperfect perfection, is actually perfect perfection.

xx write down here their perceptions were different than dioros

xx S.animas is leaving because they are Rapturing humans. Live's phases
have contineud

**This is why S.animas doesn't care anymore. They are in nirvana. They
will literally live forever... The created their essense into pure light
that would go out to the entirety of the universe. They want to spread
the word of the connections. They are wanting to spread life. They are
going to control the desruction of the sun. They will structure its
collapse into a black hole that will open up a universe of universes in
which will make S.animas God. Fuck.**

The fusuion within whipped electrons in circles. It's light irradiated.
pusing the electrons to the center. Their spinning magnetized
themselves. They repelled within only a metal cage. They existed as ball
lightning. Plasmic computers. Their Essense on S.animas is chilled !
They HyV overtakes the Sentients. Their life has been fulfilled on the
planet. Their existence is no longer needed.

origami insectals folded o\`ve themselvies

In this chapter both Chiana and Dioro meet up. They both See S.animas
Die.

**The knowledge the sentients gave the humans was that "There is a
Deadline" You have one million years to leave. The sun will be gone
afterwards.**

**Chiana sees Sentient animas in true reality disappear. They become the
final element of a laser that is beamed to the sun... They dissolved
into light.**

**S.animas says this at its death. "We will exist when our light
illuminates you during the day and fuels the life that grows." This is
the hint about where the S.animas left.**

**TODO**

NO, he learns of their imprisonment. He gives up his odd desire to save
his children, to save multple indivduals. This is Dioro's character
development\...

The Puras are leaving the Isle.
