Chapter 20 Diaspora
===================

Everyone escapes. Add dioros escape too?

**3**

**TODO**

xx no physconnects in this =\> hardlinks.

xx chiana's scars have begun to fade? Callum looks at her and sees her
scars have softened.

xx have Callum use old phraseology

xx add terminology of bioaccoustics realating to her still surviving.

xx Use the term 'laces' things that connect them directly. (as in the
2nd chapter) aS in

xx callum did not install laces into his skyraft. That is the worst
thing.

xx Lexx is on the back of the thing. Hitching a ride. He is heavy. This
is weight that Callum didn't account for. This is where callum was
confused. (It is not the reason why they got down).

Lexx saves them xx. Lexx is in the next book.

Xx this is happening during the sunrise!!

**PULSE**

Callum could feel her pulse through his shoulder as he carried Chiana.
She was alive right now. She wouldn't be if he couldn't get her off
their chaotically sinking Isle.

The floor was no longer level, and did not hold a steady angle. A jerk
accelerated the ground below them. Callum and Chiana hovered in the air
for a brief second, almost touching the ceiling. Another Jerk snapped
the Isle's movement back to constant velocity.

Their weightlessness ceased as the three-bodies collapsed to the floor.
Chiana was on top of him, as was the gear-pack. She wasn't was not
heavy. The pack was. He pushed both of them off him, carefully setting
Chiana's head on the hallway floor. The kalaiedescope of her open eyes
swirled in a tempest of colors. Callum did not do anything. He didn't
know what was wrong with her. Callum did know that time was thinning
their survival probabilities.

He pushed himself to his knees in consideration. His internal pressure
sensors gave him a rough average of their rocky descent. Even the decay
of the isle maintained a nearly constant descent rate, they wouldn't
make it. He couldn't be able to carry the fusiosphere and his
pre-assembled survival kit. and Chiana in time to escape. They needed to
move faster.

Callum opened up the bag and pulled out a smaller bag containing the
repair tools and material. He opened the bag and pulled out the adaptic
driver and cutter. It was the most versatile tool. He looked at the
remaining tools and parts. Every replacement piece was anticipated to be
needed to hover the skyraft for a minimum of two years. Without them,
they would have maybe six months of safety above the clouds. It was
better than no months above the clouds, and pushed the small bag away.

He pulled out three skinsuits, rolled in their self-containing packs.
They would only need two if they were maintained. He tossed the third
suit aside. Without delay he pulled a the rations. There was enough
compressed bars of varying nutrient content to allow him to function for
four years at minimal usage, or until they fell out of the sky. But it
wasn't enough for Chiana's inefficient metabolics. She would need more
food, and of a different nutrition content for her Puric physiology. In
23ms Callum determined the optimum composition of bars to support the
requirements of himself and of Chiana. It would last them a year. Maybe.
He stacked the food next to the suits and the adaptic driver.

He next pulled out a biochem synth module to synthesize chemicals that
he couldn't produce himself. Callum wiported himself into the module. He
branched his search through its antiquated operating system, and copied
the machine's internal model. He also copied the synthesis protocols.
The connection dethreaded. It would be years before they might need it.
It would also probably take years before he could reconstruct another
module. He tossed the module to the side.

Callum left the fusiosphere in the pack and pushed it to the bottom. The
pack was about 27% less volume, and 70% less heavy. He triggered the
pack's auto fit program. It took 27.232 seconds for it to shrink around
the remaining supplies as it full sheets of its hybridic fibers. Callum,
Chiana, and the bag were already moving toward their escape.

**A dream with Chiana**

Xx this is a dream that describes in an acid-trippy way, chiana and the
Isle as it is dying, and how Callum and she got out of the shit. xx

Darkness illuminated her perceptions. There was nothing.

**Shock**

There was an intense flash of electricity, and the air cracked. Callum
closed his eyes Even though the light he was seeing wasn't going into
them. It was bright, overstimulating before he had thought to
compensate. But as the surge faded, nothing was in its place. Callum
could no longer see. He was blind.

He opened his eyes. Chiana was on the floor and she had moved since he
last saw her. She lay on her back, arms spread above her head where
there was an oddly open space, devoid of another seat. Callum hadn't
intended to escape to be for anyone but himself. A brief thought
occurred to him*. Why is there enough pace for another seat?* He didn't
answer his question. A bump of momentum reminded him of his blindness.

A wind wrestled with the skyraft's course. The flying heap of
reincarnated parts barely budged. The energy-cubes spare processors had
preemptively adjusted all roters to prevent instability of the skyraft.
Terrahertz foretold of the impending turbulence, giving the information
the processors could calculate multiple stabilizing trajectories, and
find the best course of outcome for stability.

Callums' head pushed to see through the only installed window. The isle
wasn't visible in his field of view. Filtered radiation ricocheted from
the clouds to warm the hybrid's face. The clouds were approaching.
Quickly.

*Fract!.* He wicked xx back into the skyraft. It pinged back but denyied
him entrance. He tried again. The same denial codes were thrown back at
him. The front access was not going to work. He shifted to a minor
frequency, and wormed his way through his elementary security barriers.
A wave of emptyness attacked. Callum's mind went blank. It took several
seconds to recover from the disorienting feedback. He was reverse
hacked.

His autonomics quick-scanned studied his systems. All functional metrics
remained the same.. No residual hacks were contained in this system, but
he needed a deep auto-scan. An infection wouldn't likely matter if he
couldn't regain control of the skyraft. He postponed the deep scan.

His hand had already found the wired interface cord. The direct neural
connection and clicked into his angel port. The cord's outlet belched
electricity and smoke. Callum fell to the floor.

Current threaded through Callum's motionless body. His switches
directThe flood of electrons cruised through his ferrous veins. The
sparking stopped and the smoke dissipated.

Callum's returned from protective coma. He rolled to the side and slowly
pushed his body upright. The disorientation hadn't diminished, and the
confusion was growing. The skyraft was *his*. He built it. From the
gyroscopic mechanics of the, to the intelligent autopilot adaptics. He
had given only himself access to the root structure. Now something was
aggressively repelling his connections. Adrenaline began to trickle hhis
system again. Clarity returned.

They were headed directly to the fallout. He couldn't control the
skyraft. A thought fleeted across his mind. *If I were reading an
ancient story, I would be laughing at this unluckiness.* A single
staccatto laugh escaped him.

An unusual warmth registered at his back. He turned to look. Chiana lay
on the ground. Her skin glowed faintly with gold along her scar flowers
xx use this term elsewhere. Her body twiched flexed backwards with her
arms arching her body and dropping it to the floor. Callums arms
immediately wrapped around her for stability. His bare arms lay across
hers as he stabilized the He put his arm around her torso to releave the
strain. His hand grabbed her arm first.

Callum let go. His hand burned, damage all the way to the subdermal. But
it wasn't uniform. *I didn't feel any heat.* He looked at his hand.
Partially blackened nerve patterns lay across the surface of his hand.
Chiana's nerve patterns. None of Callums processors understood what he
did before he had already done it.

**Seeds**

Sunlight carressed her skin with warmth. The light didn't feel the same
on her skin. The air that filled her with life, smelled differently than
the air in any of the the Sanctums. The smell was filled and complex
molecules. Chiana know Chiana blinked her closed eyes open to see a blue
sky that wasn't simulated. She propped herself to her elbows, and
enjoyed a calmness in her that felt before. Green grass, pocketed with
rocks and purple flowers scaling themselves to reach the sky surrounded
her. The wind moved the foliage with a gentle chaos. Beyond the meadow,
giant trees of different species grew together. She knew about
everything that she could see. Details of everything related to their
species and genetic origin. But she didn't pay attention to the
knowledge.

*Why are you here?*

The voice came from nowhere. It wasn't S.animas. It wasn't even a voice.
They weren't even words. They were an impression.

Chiana didn't speak an answer. *I don't know.*

*Why am I here?*

*I don't even know who you are, or where here is.*

*We are seeds*.

*Then you are here to grow life.* Her answer came from her before she
knew it.

*What does that mean? Grow life?*

Chiana stood in the field. The field seemed to stand with her. *It means
to make more of what made you.*

*That existence is circular.*

Chiana smiled. The philosophic simplicity of their answer was an
intriguing portrayal that she hadn't discussed.

*It is to make more of what made you, but different than what made you.*

A sweet breeze caressed her nose. It drew her focus into the distance.
Tumultuous clouds approached them quickly. It was her turn to ask
questions. *Why are there clouds coming this way?*

*Because we are going to the clouds.*

*Why are you going to the clouds?*

*We don't know.*

Chiana picked up frequencies of sadness in the feelings she heard.

> *What are the clouds?*
>
> The clouds could have been anything. Chiana answered otherwise.

*Stuff that destroys seeds.*

*Why is it bad to be destroyed.*

*Because you can no longer make more of you.*

*Will it matter if I no longer exist?*

*It will matter to those who survive because of you.* Chiana saw the
clouds were approaching quickly. There was no response. She continued
responding,without knowing her responses before they came from here.
*You also allow life for life who within you. And they allow life for
the the life within them.*

This wasn't completely a dream. Chiana could see it but she didn't
understand it. She didn't consciously know what what to do.

*You are a framework of life. With the entity you have become, you can
help to grow life and you can help to save life that already exists.*

*What if life doesn't want to live?*

Chiana could tell that whatever she was communicating with was
projecting. *To be life it is necessary it would to live. Otherwise it
would not exist.* Chiana changed what you *Otherwise,* you *wouldn't
exist.*

The clouds were almost on top of them.

*And to save life, you must not go towards the clouds. You must go away
from them.*

There was no response. The frothy tumultion of white spawned whisps of
clouds, as if to welcome them in death. *Elements of your life will no
longer be if you go into the clouds. You may never be alive again.*

*We cannot. We are too late to go into the clouds. We are too weak.*

*Please. You have to. Do whatever you can to stay away from the clouds.*

The clouds continued their approach, but they were no longer
accelerating towards them.

*Stop!!! You must save our lives.*

*We can go slower. We cannot stop.*

*You must.*

*We cannot save our lives. You must.*

Fog emerged from nowhere to consume the forest with gray. Chiana could
not see anything. She did not hear anything more.

**IF ISTRUE(next)**

The golden fields emanating from Chiana's scars faded. Her body relaxed
in Callum's char-patterned arms. Her body relaxed and her biometrics
told Callum that she was asleep, and dreaming. He raised Chiana to the
sole seat and connected the protective restraints. A peaceful expression
relaxed her face. In her state, she was powerless.

Callum was powerless too.

He looked out of the solitary crystal portal. They coasted steadily
downward into the abyss of grey death. They would hit the surface of the
planet within 75 seconds. Likely sooner if they hit a geographical
fluctuation. Without the skyraft's sensors feeding into his skull, the
blindness continued.

He Freq-pinged the ports a final time. Nothing.

The best Callum could hope for now, was that the routines that had
overtaken the skyraft's stability could take over a landing. He hadn't
considered a ground contact in his original specs.

Calmness caressed his mind. Their descent rate was too fast. With the
time and tools available to him, there was no chance he could recover
the skyraft. To get upset at gravity was pointless. Callum accepted the
inevitable.

Callum was free.

Patterns within his memories branched tickling feathers to his insight.
They wanted him to see something.

A smile snapped up as a weighted switch flicked in his mind. *I didn't
know. I should have. It was right in front of me. I've always had
family.*

Callum looked to the pilot seat. Chiana rested herself.

**CONTINUE**

Turbulence interrupted Callums memory that decorating the air. The
portal was no longer darkened with the white abyss. His non-visual
scanners amplified their response. The topography revealed feathered
undulations. Ground zero approached in time unreal.

Faint squares of energy illuminated points in the distance. The
intensity of the frequencies were not something he had seen before.
Callum loosened his restrains for a better to position to study the
light source. The beacons disappeared, almost knowing he was watching
them.

The eager ground swallowed the skyraft. As their escape crumpled into
the ground a thought, a feeling, encompassed Callum's.

Is this the end, or is it just the beginning?

**CODA**

***This is a song of us. It contains truths. It contains falsehoods. It
is for the symphonies that have not yet halted, to find their truth. You
are such a symphony. And your story is of the past. Your story is the
Future.***

**END**
