Use term Respawn for re-incarantion of destroyed hackballers

PART II: Discovery

Chapter 5 Hackball \[Dioro\]
============================

... Present. Time \#\#\# ... Hackball
-------------------------------------

Time: Present. \#\#\#\#\#

Location: Third Chamber, Arena.

Primary Goal: Observe Hackball Game

Secondary Goal: Self analysis.

The hackball was inelegant to grip. Its heaviness grasped her body
beyond the mass of the spheroid. Metallic and smooth, except for the the
three spikes that penetrated the dioro's exposed hand's catch-port.
Electricity tickled into to her circuits, fusing her to an unbalanced
connection network. With their excess bandwidth, three attackers bore
into her firewalls.

Vivid darkness echoed electronic waves towards her core, filling some of
her inputs with no thing. Blinding shimmers peppered her senses as the
information coming to her was nulled. Dioro was being hacked.

Her breath trailed behind her. Each muscular step launched her closer to
the field's goal in front of her. To reach the port-connect, Dioro
needed 5.21 seconds. One step. Her momentum took her three metres
closer. She could make it.

Blackness covered her vision.

She stumbled.

Her internal eyes were blank.

Her foot bit her with pain.

Her immunics were not fully ready for the blinding attacks against her.

She rolled, tumbling over the unseen obstacle.

She projected a unblinding-algorithm. Partial frames of the physical
reality flew rapidly within her vision systems.

Her rotational momentum rolled her quickly on the ground.

She could not see anything of her opponents.

A ping, then a torrent of unbroken information flew into her mind. Sent
from her paired-familiar. The information was not good. She would be
tag-cleaned before she could push push the DN into the port-goal. She
could not make it.

A full rotation of her motion brought her feet to the ground. One foot
crossed in front of the other. She launched upwards, spinning in the air
as the hackball left her hand.

Dioro's hackers were gone.

A calculated trajectory arced to the hack ball directly into the hands
of her teammate. The black spheroid quickly disappeared as she notched
into her elbow's catch-port. As Ara sprinted perpendicularly to their
intended goal. Her stride winked in pain. She had interfaced with the
hackball. The hackers invaded Ara's connections through the catch-port.

Dioro could not link with Ara, their communications were scrambled. Ara
bounded quicly to a stop. Defensively posturing, ready to pass the
hackball should she be swarmed.

Dioro was mostly ready to receive. She was in position to catch it if it
ended up within her cold-sprint radius. Her vision remained fuzzy-blind.
There wasn't enough time to fix it in the game. She needed a compboost.

Strategies run in calculation within Dioro's mind. The most probable
outcomes looked less promising than before. Here attackers would not be
so careless with their wormhole next time. She wouldn't be able to use
her current unblinding-algorithm. She wouldn't be able to reverse hack
them again. She could not allow them another deep-hack. It came too
close to her core.

The floating-yellow star sprung into existence within the nonphys. It
was outside of the optimal catch-zone. A subproceess chuckled silently
within Dioro as a hidden memory tried to surface. The star bounced in
her eyes, just as in her memory as she had when she played low-bandwidth
games as a child. The thoughts on the comp-boost's origin routed to
low-priority analysis queue. Dioro's feet patterned a rapid trajectory.

Ara's opponents swarmed Ara.

The star shredded into brilliant computations. Dioro gained access to
the Field's computers.

"Awerafd" Ara's jumbled word phased through the communication programs.
Dioro's processes cleaned the noisy communication channels. They were
coordinates. But the coordinates were not internal to the Isle. Ara lept
acquardly upwards into the air. **Dioro had no hope that** they would
not lose a tag-point. The attacks were eviscerating Ara's spaciometric
perception modules .

The hackball was pairing with Dioro's catch port.

His diamond strength, guided by a fluidic agility, allowed him to catch
up. She was with in tagging-distance. Her foot came off the wall in its
final leap. she surged to touch it.

Her foot twisted as it thrust her spinning. His fingers missed by less
than a centimeter. Her foot glowed blue as she initiated counter-tag. It
worked its charm on Nyeto. His strength fizzled as the token sapped his
power. Ara spun just enough to land her free hand to grab the top of the
wall's lip. She catted her way to the top as Nyeto's the power
regulation hacks prevented his legs to gracefully zig-zag him down the
wall. He landed on his shoulder.

The game was interesting, even for Dioro. That Ara had counter-tag, and
used it, was further interesting. Ara must of gained the token while
after accessing the 4th hacking circle. It was one that was not often
found, and not often used. It's miracle only worked in challenges like
these. But were generally stored until high stakes games.

Ara delicately sprinted along the narrow-wall away from him. Nyeto, rose
to his feet and palmed the corners of the hallway's end to slowly
assend. Ara's tricks had cost him. Perhaps more than his points. As his
record had told, the iconic champion catch up to her. Eventually.

Ara sprinted atop the narrow wall. And then ran along the cable that
catenaried to the perch. Her foot placements made no mistake as she
arrived at the hard to access spot. Hard to get to mean tthat it was
hard to escape from. Her headed systematically scanned the 5 cables that
arcched to the tower central to the field. She would have large amount
of time to forge embers though the qsphere's 3 final circles.

The watching crowd, had been either silent, or shouting, depending on
their wagers. Now idle vocal chatter resumed as Ara's secure position
was safe, and not interesting for a little.

> A bell range. Ara had bypassed the 4th firewall pushing the Tropics in
> the lead. If she

burned two more layers she would hold the record. Though each layer
would be exponentially challenging.

The paralewireless computation efficiency of Ara's team, the Tropics,
was beginning to wane. Foot echoes pounded behind her as Nyeto gained. .
A flash of external perspection projected from her teammate 71 told her
she needed to pass before getting tagged. The metallic sphere departed
from her under arm as it was hurled to her open teammate who was
bounding up two landing pads parallel to her wall. The Tioga's best
defence player, Talla, was a micros from tagging her when the ball
departed Ara's possession. That didn't stop Talla from 'tripping' and
displacing Ara's foot from the narrow wall. Ara came came down with a
metallic crunch. Her pain sensors notably shouted to her in retaliation
to the impact. She slid off the wall to the ground as Talla stood back
up, exuding guilty innocence of her acton. No foul was called as she
lept after Ara's teammate, who had begun to scale to the higher levels.

Hackball doubles were brutal setups. Multiple teams of two would vie
against each other for points. The way to gain points was to tag the
person actively hacking the qsphere, or to hack into the 10 circles of
the qsphere. Gaining security-clearance using hacks on the ball's
network could net the greatest points allotment, depending on their
difficulty rating. Such hacks were computationally expensive. Winning
points by crossing checkpoint-flags was a more consistent , though lower
risk, strategy for scoring. They game would when all opposing team
players had been reverse-hacked while carrying the hackball, or had been
tapped out because of injury or worse. To prevent excessive scores, and
never-ending stalemates, A team with the advantage for more than 10
mins, or the next to last remaining team had not gained point in that
time, they could end it as well. Those endings were generally
disappointing, even if the game was close.

Xx better transition.

### Todo

**Dioro had the **

-   **Dioro is the mind hacker Remember Dioro has no backups!**

-   Discussion of some politics and the game

<!-- -->

-   Transition... She sees everything differently. She is the creator of
    > S.animas

Dioro remembers something of the past more but she *cannot* remember
that she created the HyV.

Xx one of the reasons for this, is to give humans purpose. Life needs a
purpose. A need connect. Without it, it dies. Ararat was a museum, not
of only the existence of things, but a museum for the interaction of
things.

**xx the hackball arena had fewer people. the possibility of the rapture
was upon them. discuss the ramifications (Interaction with another
viewer. **

**Xx need to have wrap up of the explosion to say things are 'back to
normal'** Then need to explain what happened in the most recent past. Xx
Life wasn't normal. It never was. It had returned to a calmed regularity
though. It had been days since the accident. Dioro knew it wasn't an
accident . too many of the pieces added up. It seemed like the sentients
were up to something of their own. Distrust between dioro and the
sentients. Dioro still does not trust them.

Dioro's memory of something in her past. 
-----------------------------------------

-   -   Xx Dioro muses about the Irony that they did create their own
    > distruction, but only after creating their salvations. Xx

-   Xx discuss the ant or pet hypothesis of humans and s.animas. Discuss
    > the rational behind the Connectionists. Pascal's New Wager

-   Xx the war on truth was savage. Xx At a higher level, They were at
    > war with each other, but they were at war with themselves. The
    > life of Government, of Business, and of Religion. They tore at
    > each other, but need each other. Dioro memory for later xx
    > chapter 5.

-   Xx Faith in the Apocalypse assuredly helped it to come to be. The
    > remaining religious, those who careened the direction of the
    > planet towards the edge of a cliff did so, only because they
    > believed it would happen. So they made it happen. Those who
    > created the HyV

-   Xx humble apocalypse

-   xx Dioro remembering the news in the past about the apocalypse. The
    > numbers came out in 10s, then they came out in 100s, and then
    > 1000s. It didn't seem that bad, because they were isolated. Safe
    > in xx location. The reports from the news could be the same as
    > fiction for what anyone could tell.

-   She remembers creating the trans-domain copy.

-   Memory of virtual motion and movements of drones?

-   Something not good. Something dark...

-   An offer of rapture... The god that Dioro had Created was giving the
    > option for its creators to become a God. (This is the transition)

Talks with Lex during the break in the hackball match. 
-------------------------------------------------------

"Why are you so good at hackball, Dioro?" Lexx virtual familiar ecom
only through the lowest bandwith ports as he transferred presently
observed statistics from her physical counterpart. "Do you ever ask
yourself that question?"

The microthought bubbled through Dioro's perception chain. Activating
hyperbolically, it triggering a simulation chain that consumed 99.98% of
her bandwidth. Her algorithms, cramped for lack of input knowledge,
faltered with inaccurate predictions. Her basal resources faltered. Her
computates ceased nearly completely. , only her biologics were of
reasonable use.

Dioro force killed of the non-testable simulations. The fuzzy
uncertainties that blanketed her existence fields disappeared. Something
was off in all of the connections around her. They had shifted.

So had her opponents. UU fused with the hackbal as she sprinted to the
goal. Dioro was not in a physical location to intercept her body. So she
worked to intercept her mind. But zetaflops of calculated strategic
advantage disappeared from her potential. Her opponents mentic defenses
raised adapting firewalls, using to post-analyze Dioro's penetrance. She
didn't know with her opponent's mental defenses. They were not anything
but

She back-traced along the connection triggers, to find the inception of
the question that almost incapacitated. .

"Nixit Lexx!"

"What?"

"You're going to kill me. And you know it. Stop doing things like that!"

"I'm just curious! I see that you did almost get It was you who allowed
the question to consume yourself. Perhaps it is you who are going to
kill yourself?!"

Lexx threw an information package to Dioro compressed with a sorry
algorithm. Dioro did not stop the blocked-connection she scheduled 8
microseconds beforehand. Lexx was temporarly disconnected from Dioro's.
She ignored Lexx's polite pings for communication interfaces. She wanted
to uncompress the information first. A minor thread trickled re grew
within Dioro subconcious systems.

Dioro did not want to die. She could not risk Lexx's destructive
questions. If, instead of her opponent being wide-open to mental
puppetry as she interfaced with the hackball, if it were Dioro that held
the hackball, the question that she had just received may have
eliminated her. And her elimination would be complete. And permanant.
Dioro had no cybernetic backups.

The answer to Lexx's question, was one that she thought she had known.
She had never been mind-hacked because she did not want her existence to
cease. She faught harder than her oponents, because her death would be
real. Like all good Hybrids, her opponents would have backups of their
core features. From their rebasing-backups, they would be reinitialized
to their existence at their last checkpoint before their own extinction.
The costs involved were astounding, which is why not everyone on Ararat
played hackball.

And those that got a rebase paid a price. The costs for a re-init
procedure were extreme. It was one of the reasons that most Hybrids
remained in impoverished conditions. Their debts were too high to pursue
the development of any of themselves.

Her opponent's immortality made them doubly weak. Weak before they were
to extinguished, when they did not realize that you cannot risk
everything if you have nothing to risk. Weak after they came back, with
attributed life-debts that they had to pay-back.

Their weakness's were Dioro's strengths.

Yet dioro did not relay her easily confident analysis to Lexx. Instinct
told her that even opening a purely external communication port to the
kitfox was a poor decision.

The information was uncompressed. It remained encrypted. She did not
know the pass codes.

"Frillnik double Hyb".

She opened the bidirectional coms. "The passcode?\..." Coloured with Ire
her infobits traced to Lexx.

xxx

Dioro was not playing well. Not like she once did. She root-traced the
origin of her performance issues. The flaws originated from the
Masquerade. From the knowledge that existential copies could be
complete. And had been done to everyone already.

Xxx

Apathy grew insidiously through her thoughts. Draining energetic
fractions from a myriad of elements within her self-algorithmic
ecosystems. Like other's withint he Masquerade if she were copied, then
the death of her physical body, did not mean the death of her
high-fidelity existential copy. If she had a

-   **xx discuss getting lost in the freqworlds**

<!-- -->

-   **xx in this chapter have dioro discuss the rapture and her newest
    > memory. Say that more memories were coming to her!.**

<!-- -->

-   \<insertion of the memory of creating the game xx,\>

-   Xx lex is a Kitfox describe it.

-   "You look like you've learned something important." But not for
    > other people. This is important for yourself? What did you learn?"
    > Let me guess.... The kitfox surmized... You learned something
    > about your true past! Now lets see. (back and forth playing
    > conversation)

-   Person copying

    -   Important to discuss the Dancepar. The Attack. It was
        > suspicious. Too coincidental. As if it were being written....

    -   The Sentients say that are doing the copy so that they can
        > preserve "all life". **Everyone who had been part of the
        > Masquerade had been copied!** Not everyone is convinced.

    -   They are allowed to visit their mirror copies if they would
        > like. You can ask them any memory you like. If they are
        > different, then you can invalidate the copy?

    -   There were had been a few more bouts of existential copy
        > validation. They did not believe that they could be copied.

-   Xx have Lexx talk with Dioro about her kids! "Your direct relations
    > are soon trouble soon."

-   Xx Discussion of something related to insectals

A HyV infection interrupts the play right in front of Dioro. 
-------------------------------------------------------------

-   Introduction of pura bitch here? You created it, how can you not
    > tell? The Sentients are themselves infected with the HyV! (Two big
    > revelations). And so are many around you.

Dioro herself gets hacked by someone, that is not her opponent. Gets a
memory placement, tells her to look around. They are infected. Can you
not see? I will even let up my attacks on you so you can see. I need
you. I need you to help me!

Load module HyV detection. Dioro felt the probabilities creep up as she
response patterns, the hacking logs she had obtained in her successful
breaks. An unstructured stream of data shattered into probabilistic
truths. They cut her in branching threads with the frigid information.
Her opponent's claims were true.

Xx There is maybe a systemic infection in Ararat, within the Sentients.
The HyV... You created the Sentients. Now you need to

"I can tell that you can see. So what are you going to do? Are you going
to let the HyV kill us all? Or are you going to help me. I cannot take
both of them."

Dioro did not respond.

"The infection has not yet accelerated. We must act soon."

As Dioro considered her hacker's hypothesis she cast a minor system
check to ensure her attacker had not spliced in a in a root hack. A
change directly in her core perception modules would could have been
altered. They returned false. Her observations were clean. But so did
her system entry-logs. There was no recorded I/O of her attacker, no
memory tweaks, nothing. Dioro's attacker wan't normal. Something seemed
wrong.

"I won't help you."

"Then we will die."

"Tell me the port frequencies you used to hack me."

"I did not use an entry port."

"Then how did you hack me."

"Now is not the time to tell you."

"Then you will not get help from me."

"The frequencies that connect us, do not relay through your
cybernetics."

The simple chain-forward logic struck Dioro. She did not like the
results.

"What evidence can you provide me that I can trust you."

"I will point you to the code you can use to leave you. You can
eliminate us from your mind, if you wish."

An inner knowledge told Dioro of a soft algorithm deep within her inner
mind. At a mere though, the presence within her mind would be
eliminated. The voice that invaded her would be eliminated.

"Please! Do not use it now. To properly delete the infected, we must
work closely."

\<dioro uses a little of th eknowledge that the voice has\>

\<Dioro takes out one of the HyV\>

\<Dioro chain hacks another one, but sees something. Something not
confident of the infection. Her doubt sends her to kill the
communication.\>

**The infected gets back at dioro. End with unknown certainty of Dioro.
**

To place
========

Xx Mention hackball popularity With expanded bandwidths more people were
going there, instead of to the hackball tournaments. (Dioro commenting
on the number of volume of people at the thing

Xx Mention somewhere **DIRECTLY** that the histories are inconsistent.
History was never consistent. It couldn't be. Tremors resurging the
information war would return to wrought destruction on The written
truths of the past would occur again.

Like resurging tremors of sickness that infected humans, the Sentients
fell ill. The growth of the infection had been abated by pura and Hybrid
Involvement in keeping the Sentients alive. MORE HISTORY of Ararat is in
this right here. The sentients were saved from directed programming
enabled by the Hybrids(and Puras.)

Xx mentions something about the test-freqs and the main freqs

They can link together and form solid objects. There can be some
Controlled How are they not hijacked? How do they not develop their own
hive mind? The fundamental assmption in their refactoring, is that
Hybrids would be in controll of them at all times. They had been given
controll to themselves. Fuck.... Insects attack on this thing. Insectals

Xx because the hybrids no longer controlled the insectals all the time,
because they are overprojecting into the freqs. IdleR\>

they started to control themselves. They themselves became self
concious. .

The bond between hybrids and Familiars is familial. It is also something
that has kept them bound in the physical. The realization that hybrids
can leave they decide to shed the need of their familiars. The
familiars, without a leader start connecting to themselves. These
creatures soon become a life of their own (superorganism).

### TODO

1.  **Make it clear that Xx The Sentient Animas have already assembled
    > Simulacra for every individual on Ararat. They had not yet been
    > initialized, and were not yet Alive, or Sentient.**

Xx The Simulant was the virus they injected into the web, was taken over
by the Grid. Then the virus actually infected the Grid and helped the
Sentients to overtake the Grid.

xx How the Sentients came about. They noticed the Vampics were being
used to help them, they latched onto the Grid. They Melted with the
Grid. This is how they became a potential 'Destroyer' and why Dioro
changed her mind against them.

**xx mention Dioro's memory, and the fact that they had created their
'god' **

xx mention the political events. Meanings. Have dioro discusing her own
past..

xx Put an old-fashioned announcer into the callings. of the hackball
game.

xx mention the copy-existance validation.

the hyv cannot be the memory of what she was doing for the Hyv. The
memory was of her last experience on the planet earth that she can
actually remember.

... To fit in. Present. Time \#\#\# ...
---------------------------------------

\<something that brings Dioro back into the game\>

In hackball matches with doubles, there was no room for error. If team's
duet had become a solo, the remaining teams would most-often dominate.
It was not unheard of for a single-to come-back, even with 3 doubles
against them. Such underdog successes had almost always involved novel
reverse hacking software. With a reverse-hack a player would imbed a
parasite, often disguised as an exploit, in the ball's software. This
could then attack and cripple the player in the ball's possession. The
results of the reverse-hack could be traumatic, if the players didn't
carefully maintain their soft-immune system. With treatment, players had
nearly always recovered, though not necessarily to their former selves.

Reverse hacks were not as popular with the spectators as plasma shorts.
The crowds would leap with excitement when a hackballer placed the
time-triggered or tripwired code bombs would destabilize ball's power
core. The superheated shrapnel glowing with different orange and blue
metallic vapors would be explosively vanquished from the original
spheroidal geometry. On occasion the unfortunate packer would suffer
damage that could be repared. Most of the time their existence would
return to the elements. Flash-hacks, as they were called, were banned.
They weren't necessarily discouraged though, with both the puras and
Hybrid crowds carnally excited by the destruction.

The Tropics were ahead in points, but they were down in functionality.
Ara's was bleeding as she manually pushed her joints into place and shut
down broken systems. She would need a sizable overhaul after the match.
If by chance they still won the match, she would use the earnings to
upgrade a few of her more frail bio parts. Dioro knew this. she had
watched Ara for sometime. Maybe she reminded him of someone who never
existed?

Ara's teammate Jakum had reached the highest flagcheck in the current
arena. One of the Tiogas had closed distance and tagged Jakum. A note of
frustration played on Jakum's face, as she handed off the ball and
initiated the escape timer. The opponent had 10 second possession of the
hackball before Jakum could move in pursuit.

The crowds were tense. The recent attack on the Isle's shield had scared
some from attending the ever-popular semi-final match. The favored
Tropics needed Ara to get back in the game.

The seasoned hackball star had regained her feet and was probing joint
motilities and efficiencies so she could recalibrate her abilities while
injured. Her legs had no notable malfunctions. One arm appeared to be
significantly damaged. No doubt twisted and separated in her fall of the
narrow wall. That would not get better until the game ended. A tenuous
cheer came from the Tioga supporters as they hacked the second puzzle.
Another hack or five flagtags, and they would take the lead.

Watching the game was Dioro's sole distraction from his work. she fully
recognized the barbarism stitched within its rules. Somehow, she didn't
really care. she rationed that the element of death and destruction that
they were comforted them with the realization that they were alive, and
uninjured. The hackball spartans were given the choice to play the game,
so she told himself. Even though she wasn't playing, she could feel more
alive himself, as she suffered defeats with them, or celebrated their
wins. Despite his rationalization, it still felt silly to him.

Ara was back in the game, with her right arm functioning as well as the
buggy prototypes. It was good that she had modded both hands with the
fibre connectors. Otherwise, further ball hacks would have been
impossible. She needed to get the ball again for that: Jakum was not as
efficient with the exploit methods as she was. To possess the ball for
long enough time to get the proper hack, with only one hand would be a
feat. Maybe she could her lame arm could still connect.

The Tiogas had gained another two flagtags and Jakum was challenged in
getting close to tag them. Their strategies were placing them keenly in
open locations to pass the ball before Jakum could touch them. The game
of keep away was, as it had been as a kid, frustrating to watch. Nevo,
the Tiogo who had 'accidentally' tripped Ara was sprinting towards a
corner. She was looking for some easier terrain. Perhaps close to
gaining a new hack, and needed a brief respite from the chase to put the
finishing touches on the programs.

Ara heaved her body around a corner, Tackling Nevo to the ground.
Something broke in Nevo's motor-structurals. And was unable to get up
quickly and was she jerking slightly. A thought that Nevo was getting up
slowly intentionally seemed odd.

Dioro's hidden process sub-recognition routines triggered. Dioro
dismissed the likely false-positive relayed from her realm of his fused
consciousness, and focused on the game.

With the ball was in Ara's possession and she sprinted surprisingly
quickly with one functional arm. She was smiling slightly as she ran,
the drone cams projected onto Dioro's retina. Did she crack the next
puzzle? If so, that would have been record-speed. Maybe she found a
backdoor that Nevo had left open.

The smile was erased in 110 microsecs. Her pace faltered. She stumbled
just as a the last game-animal that had ever existed on the planet. This
vidmem pushed to his immediate awareness, from a region in his cortex
that she had disconsidered for a long time. In the game, Dioro had seen
many other spartans go through what Ara was about to lose the game to. A
reverse hack was crippling her bionics leaving her biologics taxed to
support her movement.

White blankness saturated the camera sensors. Dioro had seen this too.
His empathic modules were starting to bubble to action.

The visuals recovered, Ara's biological skeleton could only be
recognized by the woven nanotube laces that sinewed them in place. The
terminals cut off. Only a little bits of such savagery was shown to the
spectators.
