Chapter 7 xxxx Callum's escape \#1 
===================================

-   Xx was the isle lower, is that what cllum noticed when he was on the
    > isle surviving? A hint for the reader that some shit was already
    > going down.

-   xx callum was given complete access to everything. This makes him
    > doubly suspicious. and that someone is working with him on the
    > inside!

-   Xx "eagle eyed"

-   xxhave Callum use old phraseology

-   Xx kallum in channel has problems with vision because all of his
    > sensors have been disabled/rewired etc..

#### AuraObs. Uncertain temporal projection state. Unlikely present time in the physical domain. \#1 xx

A single white eye blemished with random grey patches, looked at Callum.
It bruted under the plane of black-blue that faded into orange, into
red, into purple, and then into a darkened blue xx (get color direction
right). The Sun's light was different. The chaos of its temperature had
diminished and frequencies seemed to be more coherent. It was both
happy, and sad.

The light that caressed Callum weaked. The temperature was falling
quickly.

A lance of filtered sun reflected from a secondary suspension truss. The
beam launched from above him, attacking downward for structural
strength. Light from the moon reflected from sun-shadowed truss. The
sword attacked the emptiness with its blades lit by sun and the moon

The colors ran from the sky, scared by the intensity of the moon's eye
and the army of stars providing support. It escaped the threat of
Ararat's fading dagger. The battle was was over, and the moon rose to
victory. The stars danced in position in celebration.

Ease fell across Callum. He would die here. He would die tonight. But
the moon would continue the chase of the sun as thir suspended orbit
hurled them around earth at xxx kph. It was -21.732 degrees.

*Extremely low temperature. Warning...*

*Extremely low temperature. Warning...*

Callum's autonomic warnings triggered. And Callum could do nothing about
it. Molecule by molecule, the ­­vapor from his shallow breaths
crystalized on his slightly parted lips. Callum's physics models told
Callum that the water molecules were self assembling in their ordered
state, layer after layer. Breath after breath. He could not could not
feel them. His systems were compromised. He was compromised. Physical
reality left him.

Xx

\<afterlife dream\>?

Waves liquid static heaved against the ocean. Callum had seen this
before. It was a Freq world, Something was different. Something was
wrong. He waved his mind to provide exit options. Nothing happened.
Perhaps he had disabled the direct mental control. He waved his hand.
Nothing happened. He looked to is right.. The beach was empty. Long into
the distance, curves of white froth lightly attacked and retreated from
the blond sand. To his left cliffs jaunted from the ocean to block the
sand. The ocean spashed with attacks The ocean pummeled the black towers
with a greater veracity than the beach. It was more important to defeat
this enemy than the already

#### ... Warning! Uncertain temporal presence. Likelihood of rolling perceptions as current at 99.1% \...

It was all without logic. And it hurt his brain. If his quantum phononic
processors could actually experience something like pain, then they were
hurting too. And his body? the reminder set agonizing waves through his
system. He hurt.

All of his operating systems were fully functional. The neuropathic pain
residuals would linger until he could safely edit the intricately
interfaced web of his two nervous systems. With the healing chamber his
recovery was both efficient and effective. He wished that he could have
stayed longer. He would have had a chance to properly fix himself. The
odd incidents that had brought him here didn't allow him that.

The air lashed at him with wind colder than usual. It brought him to the
present. Sitting on the edge of the platform, next to the airlock. Maybe
his autodiagnostics were wrong. Everything was dull. Up until the
explosion, the experience replayed in his memory. The circumstances were
unusual. Why did they call me, a hyb, *for a shield repair? A hybot
could repair it more safely. But the plasma explosive would have
confused its protocol? So they knew something was there already, and
they sent me.* He considered it. *Were they trying to kill me?* If they
were, then they did a poor job. Callum could think of hundreds or
thousands of ways someone could easily off-him. That didn't seem
reasonable. Where the bomb was placed, on the shield, didn't make sense
either: there were far more effective places for an explosion of that
energy to do damage. Unless... *Are there more bombs?* A few more of
those devices, at different locations on the shield's grid, could
cripple the entire defenses.

The thoughts were chilling. He wouldn't have considered such malevolence
had he experienced a different departure from the infirmary. His
interface within the rejupod had efficiently delivering repair materials
and helping him to reinitiate his epigenetic system and genetic codes
from back-ups. The process was at 98 % completion, and his restoration
rate was improving so rapidly that 100% would be attained within 10s of
mins. Then the alarm sounded.

#### ... Warning! Uncertain temporal presence. Likelihood of rolling perceptions as current at 99.1% \...

The nutrient transports ceased and retreated from his body, jerking his
body slightly at the change in pressures. A light mist of inactivated
depolymerizer and a flash of light initiated the disintegration of the
repairlymer covering his body. The rejupod opened.

He sat up stiffly, wrapped in the off-white biosynthetic His angel
bleated loudly to him.

*Emergency protocol F1, Infirmary L2, Leave immediately following the
indicated routes.*

The escape plan appeared in his mind while the angel repeated the
message. The highlighted route provided to him indicated his necessary
escape route. Straight out the main entrance. It flickered briefly, and
then updated. It was no longer out the front door. A panel, on the wall,
led into the duct-system of the Isle. Only in his youth and on
assignment did he get to traverse the systems for mass transport. This
was before he figured out how to prevent the forced erasure of his
assignments. ?xx? A few hybs would find quite a taking to the work, and
could request their growth be controlled as to work their position as a
demi hyb.

But now, with the emergency situation, he was given complete access to
the entire sectors' transport: likely under the premise that the
information would be removed from him later. Callum was not one to
follow instructions. At least not immediately. F1 emergencies were
serious fires of temperatures exceeding 300Cels, or containing chemical
or radioactive threats. The automatic suppressants wouldn't be used, but
instead specialized hybots would come and dispel the fire and remediate
the environment. Now, all of the infirmaries he had ever been to,
consisted of two types of rooms. One was the lobby where he would wait
to be seen. The second type was one of 6 rooms containing a complete
suit of repair machinery. This is where he would eventually go and wait
even longer for the healer to show up. He never did understand why so
much of his time had to be wasted: the thoroughly detailed scheduling
algorithms that everyone used were optimized to prevent lost efficiency
such as this. The waiting time, did give him the chance to
quite-thoroughly inspect the room. There was nothing of high
flammability, nor of dangerous composition, and none of the interfaces
had anything related to high-power. Beyond the lobby were the hallways
dangerous materials were rarely present. These had automatic fire
suppressant systems that would automatically engage with any infernal
outbreak. Quite simply, he believe that there could be a F1 emergency.

As he walked to the door sheds, of the repairlymer loosed off his skin.
His thermometers did not read any increase in heat. He put his hands
against it. There were no sounds transmitted that his acoustic pads
could feel and it was cool to the touch. The likelihood of a fire being
reel seemed very low. His curiosity piqued, and he commanded the door's
opening. It didn't move. *I'm not even out of the inf and have to
hacklock the door? I gotta get outta here...* He pushed and initiated
his standard hacking algos while gesture interfacing. The doors slid
open quickly after his algorithm qdecrypted the low-security door. The
boy walked out into the lobby. There was no one there. He walked towards
the center stand in the center of the excessively sized circular and
empty room. There wasn't anything atop the rounded table, where a
centiHyb generally stood to greet and coordinate any necessary healing.

He moved closer to check out the unfortunate comrade. The black box that
would allow the possibility of preserving centiHybs experience, lay in
fluidic remains. He bent down to pick it up. Upon standing, a visage
triggered. It projected the sensors of the main-entrance to the
infirmary. What he observed triggered his overclocking and adrenal
reaction.

Five protectors moved closer to the door,

and began to present entrance orders to the door. There was no time to
move. His mind interfaced with localnet and hacked the door's
maintenance database using the keys he had almost instantly extracted
from the black-box. The door began to open. With a jerk, the sliding
stopped soon after it started, leaving only a cm crack open.

*C: This is a setup. I got to go.*

The sensors continued projected the state of the protectors waiting at
the front of the door. They immediately set into motion after the door
jammed. All of them began their to initiate hacking of the door-system
as they queried the tribunal's to get access to the crypto keys. They
gained one key almost immediately.

*C: I'm hella fract.*

He hacked the feed and directed the visage through a non-direct
interface. He got up and started to pace.

*C: Think.*

One protector moved behind another, opened up the skin-covering and,
enabled his laser-cutter and micromanipulators to deftly disassemble the
leg while the other assisted.

*C: They're making a jack to pry the door open! They're gonna refmatt
me.*

Callum almost lost his chill, His atman refocused him.

*C: How can I be safe? Think.*

Callum noticed a third protector was auto-dismembering himself. He
hand-yanked out plasma-batt and was retrieving a few other pieces. The
parts would make a powerful torch.

*C: These guys are planning on all fronts. Think!!!\
*The emergency warning repeated, reiterating its words.

*C: Thats it.*

It was silly that his situational guidance thread hadn't provided him
that relevant information. Stiffened legs plodded him to the room he was
repaired where the escape pointed him there route.

Watching the state-environment, Callum noted that one crypto-key had
been granted. They were one Triad's cryptokey from getting full access.
The external door feed showed the Hyb that was being dismantled to be
made into into a jack, was being reassembled into his protector
configuration. The entire team of protectors was involved in the
reassembly, some roughly laser-excizing elements of the hyb that had
previously been assembling itself into a plasma cutter. Her systems had
since fallen as the amputations were bleakly executed. Given the
confidence they had to reassemble the bulk of their squad, removing
their options to open physical means the protectors judicial queries
must be processing exceptionally smoothly. With the hybs outside Callum
didn't have a chance if the door opened.

Callum, covered in a few residual patches of repairlymer, had made it to
the escape route via the panel into the transport tubes. It opened at
his command. His leg lifted him into the shaft. He paused. The third
cryptokey had been given. The protectors had su access. They quickly
overwrote his fault-state straps that he set for them and the door
opened.

He took two steps to the tool-box, and grabbed an ion-torch.

The door opened.

His two steps back seemed to take forever, as he could see from the
lobby-feed that the protectors were almost halfway to his room's
entrance. He crammed himself in the shaft and commanded the portal's
close. The protectors were at the door and running to the shaft portal.
It closed. 10\\ msecs later he had triggered the ion-torch to solid-fuse
the shaft shut. Just under one msec after Callum's hands stopped a quick
seal of the door, the protectors had triggered it's opening.
Magnetic-tracks clicked as the weld jacked the portal closed. He didn't
have much time. He didn't even bother touching up the welds, as they'd
get past it quickly and started moving down the shaft. Jarring thuds
echoed painfully loud as they brushed their way through the
lower-strength crystallic metal panel.
