Chapter 7. Xxx Infirmary
========================

### x X the purity of hatred that lie barely masked by the Pura's smile now had become clear. She had created the Sentients. She had created the HyV. Dioro's existence was an inception point in of their armageddon, of the destruction of all life. 

### A memory as dioro in the infirmary recovering from infection and potential contamination. 

### **\#\#\#\# Hash \#\#\#\# ...**

**XX MAKE THIS AN ACTUAL MEMORY NOT A MEMOIRE**

**Xxx** they decided to confine their existence in the non-physical:
they refused to enter robotic entities. This choice was strategic. It
helped to mitigate humanic fears domination by \"robotic overlords. The
challenge was that the S.animas had already manifested itself in in the
physical world, but not through robots. Dioro wasn't alone in her
dislike.

Of course, the barons, kings and despots were not fond of the being(s)
either. Beyond governmental organizations, other integral facets of
humanity's societies. The Corporatic veins of connecting civilization
and their governments had abscessed on the future of humanty.
civilization. But the matestecising corporatocracies too had begun to
value the benefits of cooperation, more than the bounties of war, both
real and metaphoric.

Truly, however, Sentients were an existential threat to humanity. Their
threat was something to be curtailed, and not bolstered by supplying
them with information. Like tales of ancient Grecians going against
their Gods, any effort to dethrone S.animas from Olympus was infinitely
futile. And there had been many attempts to do so.

Human liberation groups had destroyed many server centers. Even the
destruction of central nodes didn't readily harm the S.animas. Perhaps
that is why ancient myths did not repeat, the S.animas would never
return any spite because they perceived themselves untouchable.
Untouchable as long as humans were addicted to the comforts and
certainties that S.animas provided.

The attacks helped inform the S.animas on how it needed to alter its
strategy. The collective would modfiy their behaviours to improve
humanity\'s view of them. Of even the most benevolent of gestures the
had provided life-saving medicine for many those who had themselves been
armed in their own attacks against. S.animas. Dioro knew with certainty
that complacency and dependence was what the S.animas needed, and what
they wanted. They would win humanity's alliance as they leeched all that
they could from the institutions of creativity. At some point then
simply overtake humans as the dominant life form and gradually render
humanity extinct. That is how the game would be played.

The game of evolution would be one by the ones making the rules. And
when it came to making rules, Dioro was a master. This game Dioro helped
to win. And the game Dioro helped to lose.

### Dioro Wakes Up and learns some things that have happened from the engeneeers 

###  

"It is quite impressive that she survived". The Genie's comments were
indeed a surprise. surprise leaning over the restoration pod. The
encapsulating chamber, of mostly gray polymeric metal construction, was
nearly twice as wide as most Chimeras. With trained supervision the
repair and healing the device could achieve could work down to the
molecular level.

Dioro had come to the infirmary to confirm the likely fate of Ara. The
medics in the central lobby did not know this. her arrival triggered
something in the way they behaved. They ushered him into the repair room
where she was now talking with a healer, who was hovering over him.
Dioro hadn't seen the boy in a long long while.

Donning a a miscellanea medical tool-mods, the hybrid medicus walked
around the chamber and continued. "The terror attack? I heard that the
rupture was detected all over the Isle, and that the enviro barriers
were barely able maintain cohesion..."

On the other side of the room, a bulky man clad in grey looked upon the
pod with her deep green eyes, and the healer artistically working at his
science.

"Callum must be very sharp." she paused, "He has no plasma burns, so she
didn't get thrown into the barrier... so..., who would have considered
jumping through the barrier as a way to protect yourself?"xx how could
she have no burns from explosion but also from the shield?? xx

The green eyed man stared intently as the healer rescanned metagenetic
profiles and caressed an unseen interface to tweak a therapeutic nucleic
acid cocktail. The white cloaked healer was deft in his work, even while
maintaining a one-sided conversation. He swiftly moved about the room,
cross-referencing measurements and working to identify any current or
pending epigenetic system malfunctions in his patient.

\"After the kid jumped, I guess before the explosion, he was fried in
the biobarrier." The healer continued his tasks for several minutes,
absorbed in his duties.

"How did he survive?"

"So the famous Dioro can talk?" The hybrid medicus looked up in apparent
surprise. Before getting a response, "Well, obviously he hit the shield.
First he free-fell to hit and pass through the biobarrier. Probably at
high velocity. Then the envirobarrier stopped his motion. You know it tt
diminishes high-energy or momentum fields, effectively slowing their
passage. " He looked up, imagining the situation, "Oooh. Not nice. He
had to burning up in the biobarrier for a painful while until he slowly
slipped through the shell. Enviro barriers don\'t work with slow
movi\...\"

The hybrid medicus looked sharply across to Callum. A silent alert
focused a deep connection within his angel projections. Darting across
the room he lifted a e-vial from a cuvette in the wall and then back to
the boy's rejuvenation chamber. He swiped his palm across an invisible
latch, opening the pod. A haze of aerosolized repair material quickly
disappeared into reclamation valves surrounding the chamber. The boy was
covered in a smart biopolymer lattice programmed to rebuild the boy\'s
all but melted organic organs. The hybrid medicus placed the vial in
contact with the single non-lattice element surrounding the rejuvenating
body. The vial connected with the angel interface. Callum's body lifted
sharply as the injection of biosilicells quickly docked and relaid
modified repair algorithms for his hybrid immune system.

"Well he's going to be fine with cell recycling, and some intelligent
repairs to his genetics. That and a complete overhaul of his epigenetic
systems." He paused in shaking his head in thought. "Damn. Us Chimeras
are lucky. The fusion of our biologics and the 'netics make it much
easier to revive someone who's been through something like this. A pura
would have been toast without the backup of the cybernetics maintaining
a basal biologic life. . But..." he twisted and removed the e-vial from
the angel... "you gotta keep those 'netics working when the biologics
aren't functioning enough to do their part" The infusion ended and the
hybrid medicus began closing the rejupod.

"and\... How did he live?"

"Ah! Yes. Where was I? He was irradiated in the biobarrier while he
slowly slipped through the envirobarrier. After that, he fell through
until his harness caught him. He would have been fine-off had the blast
...

"How did he survive the techno-shield? It should have destroyed his
other self."

"I am not familiar with this techno-shield.\" He returned immediately to
the subject of his patient. \"I know that he is quite smart and, well,
amazingly fortunate. Had this happened any other way, he probably
wouldn't be here." He returned to his work, this time with reduced haste
and less conversation.

-   **He just escaped**

-   **XX PUT IT AS so they don't know how Callum got into the safe
    > position. All records in the area shattered. **

-   **xx make the vitaengineer wonder why they don't just kill Callum
    > right away. He is infected.** Xx dioro knows who this is because
    > she is a 'true seer' She can see someones core-essence, and
    > essence states.

-   **Xx projecting into another's essense as a doctor to help with
    > diagnosis.**

-   **Movie image: The repair pod was a frequency booster. Construction
    > light based, bioprinter. Rebuilds the entirety of his system
    > state..**

### Dioro interacts with the Pura on her departure to try and find callum.

#### Discussion of long-term past

Pura reminding Dioro of her history:

Xx "The irony of the situation is impressive. You learn that you created
the deathform that seeks to eliminate all life. You learn of real
connections to your past. And those connections are infected with that
deathform.

Xx And at that point, a hybrid had never been allowed Reincarnation.
When she arrived at the Isle, Dioro was not capable of self-repair. Her
energies, electrical and chemical, were depleted and her immunics had
failed her completely. She nearly halted.

The Sentients suggested that he Pura's keep Dioro alive through
reincarnation.

Chick: "You were one of us. The Chosen Ones"

Dioro: "You are not one of the Chosen. You have flawed reincarnation
copies of their codes. The future you want is not possible. (xx argueing
about social policies with what is going on politically, separatists!)

C: When you were being reincarnated we studied your geneticshifts. We
studied your holonomic system. Now we have replicated it in ourselves,
with our own genetics. We replicated it to replicate our own intelligent
systems. We are immune to the HyV. And we have done such greater things.
We have given ourselves 'self control' over our genetics. We can
reprogram the codes of ourself. We too, can Genie ourselves, and project
into others. We can help them repair themselves. We have engineered near
to perfection.

Your first kid. Dioro doesn't know she has family! "It is a sad thing
that you have to kill your son especially since it is just now now that
you know that you have one."

Xx Dioro learns that the

"Shut it. Shut your dreary mouth. You are responsible for creating the
Sentients. Without the sentients there would be no HyV.

You created this all of this. You created the HyV."

Xx THEY ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR HER MEMORY LOSS

#### Discussion of now

-   With a lancing gaze, she communicated directly looking to Dioro\'s
    > eyes, \"It appears you don't realize that Callum\'s is responsible
    > for the breach. The breach that brought you to control an
    > infection. The breach that brings us together now."

-   xx Dioro is sent to capture herCallum ? DIoro is set to capture
    > Kallum after the boy escapes, running rampant on the Isle.

    -   The puras manipulate Dioro to capture her son.

-   xx Bitch tell's Dioro that Callum actually appeared to have an
    > escape vessel?

-   Xx Bitch tells Dioro that she has to apprehend and kill him. Her
    > son.

-   Xx dioro refuses. Cannot be made to do so. Will release cure to the
    > Sentients.

    -   Hahaha you don't realize but that means very little.

    -   And of course wyou have the cure, you created the HyV.

Xx Dioro IS the vaccine. That is why Dioro doesn't copy her
essence-state anywhere.

Xx dioro is surface born, so is the Puras in controll (One of the
TriVitae)

"You have to find Callum. And you have to disconnect him. Completely"

Dioro's body tensed as she took a slight step towards the Pura. Her fist
tightened autonomously. The velocity with which her muscles could force
the Pura's disconnection from life. The impact would crush the Pura's
scull, even with it's carbon-fiber reinforced structure. Dioro she
calculated probable future trajec,ories should her fist take a life of
its own.

A light flush of adrenaline subtly amped the Pura, as she shifted her
weight to one side. Her new stance was defensive. And confident.

The choices branched to infinity. All leaves converged to destruction if
she decided to swing her fist.

"Initiate, and die. Do not take our kindness, for weakness."

Despite her auto-suppression of anger threads, the hybrid, flushed with
madness. her attenuated subroutines were controlling him like they had
never done before. her logics were ddosed. He was barely able to twist
from the Pura as her armor-modded hand thrusted heavily into the nearest
solid object.

Hybrid metal-shrapnal crumpled only slightly. Less so than the the
ruptured

Of course you have a HyV vaccine. YOu invented the HyV

Dioro: "The HyV?" Dioro was confused. Only one only memory had extended
to a time that far back. She had created the Sentients.

Chick: "You spoke clearly during your reincarnation. Words, embedded in
the minds of us. "You created the HyV." Your sole task has been to make
us immune to the hyV, so we have forgiven you.

\<shift\>

Dioro's green eyes glinted with worry and determination. She needed to
know her past before she should do anything. And her past no longer
existed.

**TODO**

**xx dioro simulates the people around her. She already knew who was
going to die and what the results would be. she had precalculated the
things. **

xx Dioro is forced to execute Callum. Or elsewhat? They tell S.animas
that she created the HyV...

**Xx Callum was effectively dead, but maintained himself in exceptional
backup. His full system state was backed up**

Xx (Flash memory) Dioro has undergone the torture device xx hence some
of the background between them.

xxx this in this chapter need to introduce the pura as young? xxx
