Chapter 9 Tribulations \[Chiana\] **TODO**
==========================================

#### A memory of something. 

Xx of what!? Of an experience with Lexx, and with Callum. When she was
younger!.

#### Chiana at home creepy sister has come back. 

She gets home with her mom.

Chiana's only sister comes home. Earlier than anticipated. Confusing,
most upgrades take some time. This did not. But half of people have it.
Her sister is telepathic like. Creepy

#### Her sister reminds Chiana of Callum suggests that he will soon be in trouble. 

Chiana goes off looking for Callum, knowing that her sister is correct.
She sends connection threads to him. There is no response. She searches
everywhere, until she passes out searching the freqs. She cannot find
him anywhere. She goes home.

**[Old stuff below]{.underline}**

**[Relationship with ebodae discussing memories]{.underline}**

**You remember when I. I mean We. **

**Heh, I/We. **

**Some memory of their past. **

-   Xx An Emotion Thrower is the next type of Pura. This is what
    > Chiana's sister is called.? not this chapter

xx Chiana's youngest brother is the one who extracts the information
from her. She is a cold-hearted type. Autistic-ish. Describe her
later.She is a latest generation of puras. CHiana's next oldest brother,
is kind of odd. He isn't as smart as he could be, and interestingly he
is still allowed to live!?

**WITH SANIMAS**

A tranquil silence blanketed the white cavern for several minutes.
Chiana had glanced at the great wilderness of the beings she knew as
S.animas. Entire ecosystems of thought, of algorithms. Awe struck her
into silence. And her hunger.

She regulated on her metabolism (boring af xx) , ensuring her muscles
weren't being consumed to provide her with the energy she needed. The
bout of danceparing, coupled with the sensory overloads had been more
than she had experienced for a while. With one leg crossed over the
next, she sat and folded the experiences into her presence. She would
soon need sustenance to prevent the self-consuming cannibalism her body
would soon initiate.

The two bowed their heads in as was their tradition. A seemingly ancient
posture that S.animas would execute with devout precision. Only now had
Chiana really considered the history of this innocent extension of
peace.

She arose and went to the departure tunnel. This was the part that she
did not look forward to. Losing high-resolution derma-lace would deprive
herself of the haptic exothesiac sense. Feathers of xx disengaging their
steric stimuli and slipped away from her skin as a hangar mechanism
gathered it.

The wave of coldness crystallized into her body as the the information
that coupled to her dermalace severed.

It was more intense, more sudden than normal. Her somatic motors engaged
before she was prepare for them and started to shiver. The violent
feelings fought to take her to the ground. She recovered before losing
her balance. Chiana had practice in restoring her basal responses. She
moved through the sterilization airlocks with each section sealing
behind her for deep cleaning.

At the final room, she found her clothes recently grown to her geometric
measurements. She pulled on the close-fitting cloths had a few hundred
haptic derma-laces. The information volume was miniscule to that which
she had just experienced.

(discusion of pura vs non-pura politics)

The second a pura forged a direct neural interface with anything, even
if it was temporary, they would lose their rights as a pura. The codices
dictated this. There were mega hexes of justification for the policy
written in first order logic awk. xx. Not that Chiana had ever had time
or desire enough to begin to decode the implications.

Information was life, or as close to it as she could imagine. The
interactive networks the Puras established were intricate. Familial,
friendly, or both, puras would connect their haptic ports to each other,
allowing a degree of perception across the entire isle. With gesture
coms, communication would happen, sometimes with multiple threads at a
time. The smallish, and highly connected features ensured that anything
consisting of anything remotely gossip like, would be known by anyone
paying any attention. There was information policing, that would remove
voices that could pose a safety risk to the Isle. Or more particularly,
the Puras on the Isle.

Or, if they were in a situation where goggs could be worn, a pura might
connect with the netz to peruse as the wikid Info stores. Research from
eras past, summaries, analyses, meta analyses, meta-meta analyses were
stored in these archives. To be read, compressed or summarized and
memorized by some or by many for a Redundant Array of InDependents. The
information was being stored off the the computer servers.

With a minutia of torpor her legs walked her along the hallwayxx towards
her apartment.

She wondered wondered about the Puras. What was fueling their persistent
drive for information. Chiana had curiosity too, but not to the level at
which her peers had them.

She wondered more about the Hybrids. Since she had been raised, there
had been only a handful younglings that would join their ranks. Yet
almost weekly Chiana would see a new pura face or two that she hadn't
been able to biolook up. As soon as she did, she learned that the
children had passed their 3 year mark, and were ready to explore. They
would look at her, and would look away immediately. Or was that just
Chiana's projecting her internal thoughts on the child: she herself
didn't like like it when people would stare, even if it was for
legitimate reasons. Chiana couldn't properly answer herself as she
looked into her memory.

In an instant, everything was wrong. The nature of their Ararat. The
purpose of everyone's efforts. There seemed to be not point in it. In
life. The thought shook Chiana back to awareness. She was standing in
front of her quarters. Apparantly she had keywaved the security twice,
and had done so incorrectly. A third incorrect keyewave would trigger a
visit by Shepards. While she didn't have anything to hide, and didn't
have priors to initialize her beliefs, she had never really trusted the
enforcers.

She correctly positioned and respositioned her fingers in the
appropriate sequence to trigger the doors' release. The doors slid apart
to reveal her mother sitting at the table with /ident/pura/h3xx.164\...,
her youngest sister. Hex must have returned early, nearly 10 days, from
her yearlong training camp. Early release from education was nearly
unheard of.

"Chi! You were away for so long!? Why didn't you inform me!?" Her
consternation immediately turned to concern. "You look wretched. Come in
here my love. We'll fix you up!"

Chiana almost stumbled into the door as her mother's arms wrapped around
her. Her familial warmth immediately relaxed some of the stresses
tensing Chiana's muscles. Hex could be seen from over her, unsmiling at
her arrival, unemotional in her reception, even though her education had
taken her from the family for nearly a urn. Hex's response was not
really unanticipated. She had always been so quite, so odd. When she did
speak with her, it frequently creeped her out. He had an uncanny knack
of knowing, or mostly knowing, what Chiana was next going to say. Even
so, Chiana was glad to see her little sis.

H:"Your freaky sister is back." Hex surprised Chiana by being the first
to comment. "Glad to see you too."\
C:Just like that. Knowing what she was going to say. Her mother's
embrace ended as they turned and walked towards the table. "Hi Hex, glad
to see you!" Chiana didn't change her greeting based on Hex's preemptive
response. Maybe, Chiana briefly considered, that doing so would give her
sister too much control over her. Chiana didn't like that thought.

H:"They released us early." Hex stated plainly, answering Chiana's
previous unspoken question. Wierd. "I get to crash here with you for 1
day before I'm out again. My gen of puras are getting our own section to
work and live in."

Their mother turned from the food. CM:"What!? You're leaving so soon?"
Hex nodded affirmingly. "That isn't possible? There is no room!."

H:"All in my gen are still small. And we won't have *separate* sections.
We will be back training dorms." She paused cocked her head awkwardly.
H:"You needed worry mom. I should be able to see you soon afterwards."

C:"After what?"

H:"Another round of training." before Hex had answered Chiana knew what
she was going to say. Not from logical reasoning, but from pure
knowledge. Really weird.

C:"Can you handle more of it?"

Hex didn't react to Chiana's sibling undercut. A year ago, the
implication would have triggered an irrational temper tantrum. The
mental training was obviously working well. *[She had grown, but still
seemed as Hex ever had been.]{.underline}*

H:"Of course. We are teaching the course to ourselves." There was almost
a giggle in her response.

C:Chiana didn't feel like unpacking her sister's answer. She just
finished the last of her nutrition replacements. "Good to hear."
Continuing quickly, "Hey Hex, Lets talk more. OK? I needta crash. I'm
beat."

H:"Indeed. We will talk later." \--\>forward connection implication: her
sister's interrogation at the rounds. Need to make interrogation have
the two actually talking. Have the voice be similar but not identical to
her sisters. It is a superposition of voices and ideas. (Much like
S.animas) \--\>

Xx

Dioro views life as a game while S.animas views it as Life is a
logarithmic search of itself. ? while others view it as ... this nees to
be part of the book. xx Their eyes glanced each other, with a duration
far longer than Chiana had ever experienced. Her sister would rarely
give eye contact. Chiana turned to the bunks. Her mother had positioned
herself behind Chiana. In perfect placement sszfor a presleep embrace.

CM:"Good night, Chiana." Her mother put her hand on Chiana's shoulder as
she passed on her way to sleep.

She crawled into her bunk and initiated the sound isolation system. She
needed to rest. To absorb the experiences she had just enjoyed. Sleep
well. Chiana. Chiana told herself as she drifted off to sleep. In a
voice not her own. This is hex projecting a worrisome future on
everything.

\...
