**Chapter 12** \[Chiana\]
=========================

**Projections (Dream)**

*The strings supported her as she strolled calmly across the sky. They
adjusted their lengths, increasing their tension in places, and relaxing
it others. She was their puppet. Chiana looked around. Fuzzy mirrors of
the moon's reflection blanketed her underneath. The increasing vacuum of
space covered her with an emptiness filled with brilliance of the
universe.*

*There was no emotion to color her perception. There was no logic to
line her mind. This was normal.*

*A rift of black tore the silver blankets as they slowly rolled
underneath her. The tears expanded, and then mended in a constructive
patchwork. Time did not stop. Chiana swung around the globe underneath.
She was used to this. It was normal.*

*As she gazed upon the black rifts below. Desire filled her essence.
This was not normal.*

*All she could think of was falling.*

*Chiana was falling.*

Tears cooled Chiana's eyes as she opened them. Chiana's tiredness fought
with her hidden fear and she slipped back into an uneasy sleep.

### Chiana with lex

that Chiana is in when she walks to connect with her. Chiana talks with
her trans domain map. Lex zapps in and out like Alice in wonderland
cheshire cat. Lex is the one to suggest that they are are actually not
the same anymore.

Lex:"Your perception grows deep." Their voice purred a smile. "That I
can't tell you. You'll have to figure that out for yourself. You are a
smart Pura, aren't you!" The cat smiled as it set its paw on the ground
and circled in place to begin to move away.

"Thanks Lex, You're a bunch of help." The sarcasm was thick.

"If you only knew, Chiana. If you only knew."

### Chiana with S.animas

Xx Chiana asks why the S.animas did not robotize xx

Xx this is the chapter that reveals that Sanimas is not the one in
control of the Isle... xx

Chiana asks about her dream, and about the clouds. Xxd

### Chiana with Simulacrum 

*Xx the effect of our existence will never disappear (this alludes to
interspace probes and also to their influence n on the present time and
how that will propigate throughout time.*

Chiana at reflecting pool, connects with yourself.

Chiana reflects with her Simulacrum. She connects in their virtual
connection. **Both of them are in the same simulated spot. **

Shakespearean soliloquies like.

"I see myself, but it is not myself.

You there. You thereIn the reflection.

The connection is real.

Chiana was startled. By her voice coming from the ripples in the
membrane of the lakes taught water surface. Chiana responded, creating
the same ripples back. Something connected to the essence of her other
self.

Chiana looked as she examined her face in the reflection of the pool.
Etc..

You know? This interaction is simulated.

"Because you are simulated."

"And because you are simulated."

etc,

"Are you really different than me?" "I've been wondering the same." You
seem different than me?" "I have been thinking the same." "Obviously, we
are not the same anymore. We can share a conversation." What has
happened to you. Chiana spoke: Chiana related the story of xxx, and how
S.animas was intending to go back because the sun was being occupied by
a life form that was repatriating the sun. My story is the same, except
the S.animas Says differently. they were working to the ultimate
frequency. They Are looking to connect to every possible universe. They
are looking to create every possible universe.

**Xx Both Chiana and Ebodae don't know what is true. They share the
predicament in what they were told. . The predicament is opposite.
S.animas is wanting to move on, because there is A. They are a
simulation.... B. There is a life form that has populated the Sun, and
it is beginning to take it over.**

They realize if they were simulations, then the S.animas knew what was
going to happen.

They try to surmise what will be next. What has happened.

#### xxLearn about politics in the different simulations.. 

#### Ebodae must go. Something big is happening? ... (This is They must Chiana has a memory with S.Animas: 
