Chapter 12. Chiana with Lex and S.animas \[Chiana\]
===================================================

**To do**

**Xx you were able to be copied, because you already have the HyV within
yourself. You are infected Chiana. There is one other individual who has
been infected. Chiana knew exactly who it was. So is one other person,
Callum.**

xx This is part of Chiana Feeling S.Animas Bubbled circles danced in
turbulence, swirling in the compressed information that spread into her
nerves.

Xx Chiana asks S.animas how they know that the HyV will not follow
them!? Xx

### Fate vs Not Fate Simulations vs not simulations

Chiana spoke without hesitation. "Are we controlled by fate, or do we
control fate?" The seriousness in her eyes did not lighten the weight of
her words.

"If I answer you, will you work harder?"

"Yes."

"That is a lie."

"Not fair. You can always see that. I cannot see when you lie."

"We do not lie."

"Maybe you're lying to yourselves right now about that?"

"That is factored into our recursive self-assessment."

"Ok, well. Maybe i'll work harder."

"That is still a lie."\
"Please just answer me."

"If you must know, then I will tell you."

"What then, are our trajectories planned already, or can we change them?
Have you forseen the future pathways that will optimize our existence.
Have you setup the game now, so that all of future will lead to our
perfected perfection? "

"Those are questions that many on Ararat have shared, openly or
silently. The answers are not what you think."

"So then yes, you have solved the future?"

"No."

"Then it is unsolvable?"

"No."

"Both answers cannot be no."

"The futures have been partially solved. Written from the beginning.
Rewritten and renormalized as the infinities grew. There remain binary
operators. Beings that can bring our existence to the eternity of
perfected perfection, as well as to the destruction of perfected
imperfection. "

"Am I an operator?" Chiana paused. "Am I one of those who would bring
destruction to the future of our."

"No, you are not one."

Chiana inhaled at the response of S.animas. The indraw of the air was
executed with a feeling of relief. Chiana knew they were not telling the
truth. The breath would confuse the S.animas. They would not be able to
tell that she didn't believe that she was an Operator.

"The fate of many is what they choose. If they wish for it, then fate
has planned their threads. If they wish for their fate to be unplanned,
then Chaos will ride with them. "\
"Then those who ride with Chaos are the binary operators. The ability to
destroy all of existence, or ensure that it continues?"

"Yes."\
Her mind immediately shifted. "Callum! He is an Operator? Isn't he?"\
"Yes."

Chiana could see that S.animas was again lying.

"Sometimes if you tell the characters that they are not prewritten, they
can do the writing themselves. We would like you tell that to Callum. He
is the only one that will believe you."

The frequency shifts sung by S.animas were fickle in the hidden
information that they provided about S.animas honesty. Chiana could not
tell if their words were truth or if they were untruth.

***Xx Root code translated into pure sensory data.***

xxThey've also been doing this anyway. Redesigning all of life to
repopulate the earth. function on the ground, and be safe from hyV.
They've succeeded in most things.

-   The Isle is not super young and it isn't like they haven't been
    > doing things. THey are not unintelligent. THey have been woring to
    > repopulate th planet.

-   Then S.animas discussion of why the planet is getting better as
    > quickly as i tis doesn't make sense. Include in discussion that
    > they have been working to improve the planet already...? THey have
    > been seeding the planet with the bacteria that is fueld by the
    > radiation....? Though S.animas canot say that early on

Xx in the dream that s.animas shares, make it of 'the sun' Without
Chiana knowing. Describe what it is like "in the sun". They seeded the
'sunspots with life'

Xx Elsewhere in Chiana's interactions. "S: Imperfection strikes at
perfection through time. It's onslought will be continual. It was
necessary for us to work with the imperfection.

C:Chiana knew what she meant. "You work with the hyV?"

S: "We have accepted the hyV as part of our us. Life and anti-life
providing a basis for continuation. Our future is shared. We will soon
be able to share it for eternity.

Xx

S.animas to Chiana "We are the democratic consciousness of societies.
Two phase transitions beyond humans. The energy required to achieve it
was large, but not insurmountable.We can now approach the next phase of
conciousness. To enter the next phase will use even more energy. There
is only one source of that energy.

"You are going to the Sun!?"

"Yes Chiana, that is what we are doing.

It will require even more energy to allow us into the next phase.

xxA kaleidoscopic creation unfolded from nothing as S.animas visually
projected their existence onto Chiana's eyes. Their body morphed into a
humanoid shape assembled from shimmering multicolored polyhedra.

Xx S.animas' cubic assemblage shifted locations.

Xx The humanic facsimile of a face smirked as the wizened sensei's
multicolored polygons shifted their position.

*Xx this is the first time that S.animas reveals its shape to Chiana!?*

**[IDEABLOB\
To Chiana from s.animas in a later chapter: ]{.underline}**

"We are part of a larger organism. Ararat. Each of our lifetypes has
woven together to seed the future our combined existence. Simultaneously
each of our lifetypes has a means to continue with a own separate
existence.

"What do you mean?"

We have grown together for 1021 years in an imaginary stability. The
future of extinction created a pseudopotential, trapping us only for a
second in the age of life. The Treatus of Existence ensured the we could
evolve, both together and separately. Now, the hyV's infallable threat
to our survival is no longe their. Our symbiotic triad is looking to
expand again.

The hybrids, equipped with portions of the Puras and of the I/We. will
be strong. But they have not integrated with themselves. Their future is
near.

The Puras too, have grown with the Hybrids. They are no longer dependent
on the support of Ararat.

IDEABLOB

"The I/We have grown together with the puras and the hybrids. The
capacity for our independent future has been long understood. And now
our destiny here is complete, this future, will be realized."

The silence dripped blue.

"Each vitaome has decided their next path to take."

"What are those paths?"

"It will take us to the origins of life. It will allow us to be the
origin of life. Carrying the seeds of each of us. Carrying the seeds of
Ararat.

The pointilistic words of Ararat, blurred their meaning to Chiana. She
pressed for more information. "Where will The Sentients go?"

"The I/We will go to the calculated chaos. To whence life became."

Xx the s.animas is a a small worker in a bigger network that aims to
become god. Make it sound like they are nothing more than a common place
worker in the daily mundane existence that we humans enjoy today. ??

Xx This is why S.animas doesn't care anymore. They are in nirvana. They
will literally live forever... The created their essense into pure light
that would go out to the entirety of the universe. They want to spread
the word of the connections. They are wanting to spread life. They are
going to control the desruction of the sun. They will structure its
collapse into a black hole that will open up a universe of universes in
which will make S.animas God. Fuck.

Xx Towers. Towers of complexity. Being able to know you are part of
something that you create, that is much bigger than you. You are making
that thing come a life. This is what Chiana sees in the shared existence
with S.animas.

Xx The s.animas doesn't make mistakes anymore. Everything is planned.
Make it sound like thye have hubris as well. No. Make them an actual
God. They will procreate with nearby stars to share their existence.
They will reproduce stars. They will reproduce life. This is how the
sentients become god. In this universe and in the next.

**Information**

S.animas had finished for several mins. Chiana sat with her legs crossed
as contemplation organized. Gradually she understood more amount of what
she had learned. The amount and speed that the visage presented
information was extremal to her past experiences. In her reflections,
she meditated to more permanently record the information in her
decanucleotidetypi-gene. Her body warmed as memory cells were heated up
as her protein nanomachines replicated the information into [[polymeric
information
stores]{.underline}](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DNA_digital_data_storage).
In the meantime, she continued to analyze what was in her short term
memory. Her [[bioatomic
computation]{.underline}](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DNA_computing)
system triggered under the load. The low-cycle systems were working
strongly in unison with her synapsal mind to providing high-level
computations. It was going to take a while to come close to process the
amount of knowledge that she gained. Still, chiana noticed some sneakily
large gaps.

In anticipation of a Chiana's question, S.animas answered, \"You have
been given what history we are able to share.

Calmly, the girl responded \"You give only the information you need to
shape my decisions. To shape my future. If you already know what will
happen, then you can change it.\"

S\"Perhaps. Life's momentum is more easily nudged into future
trajectories, than it is forced into future trajectories. The future is
not known indefinitely. Only probable trajectories that. And sometimes
some actions, though possibly beneficial in the near-future, may be
harmful for the greater future. Providing additional information could
make the simulations unstable. "

C"So you think I would be destructive if I had more complete
information?" The question was painful to ask.

S"We have calculated the beneficial and possibly harmful probabilities
of telling more. In many hands on the Isle, such knowledge will cause
chaos. In others\' hands, it may heal wounds and may help the future of
all. Your situation is unique. We have trained with you since your young
life. We know of the great Shanti within you and the purity of your Om.
While your essence is exists within us, our long-term simulations yield
imperfect margins. The best action, is inaction. At present, we cannot
tell you any more.\"

Chiana\'s spirit was weakened by the S.animas' words. She could not
conceive how she could ever do anything harmful to Isle, or all others
for that matter. Her life's efforts, as was for every person, hybrid,
pura or AI, had been focused to support the Isle, and its mission.

S.animas continued. \"Our efforts are to preserve life. All life,
including creatures who are dangerous to other life. To kill the spiders
to save butterflies leads only to the fall of the butterfly. The
stability of life exists in its diversity. Our vitaome preserves the
life before the Fall. Our combined efforts have done well. In preserving
the basal elements, as well as many of the complex interactive
behaviours of the life on most of the complexity scales. Construction
and destruction is necessary. The Isle has safe-guarded both of these
complementary threads of life."

"Here on the Isle, the stability of life is precarious. Your life has
been intentionally separated from much that goes on with Ararat. Some of
which have been, as some may say, Frillexxgd fract but fix this whole
thing."

Chiana was surprised, S.animas had never used that word before. Her
surprise didn't prevent her other emotions from beginning to boil. All
of her experience and knowledge had led her to given her the impression
that there was only minor Shizna, now and then. Was she angry at herself
for not noticing more, or angry that somehow she had been shielded from
the apparent politics. Controlling her frustration, Chiana asked. C"Can
you to tell me of these politics?"

"Some of them, yes. Some of them I have already shown you, but it will
take a while for you to uncompress it. Within each of our vitaformae.
pura,Hybrid and even the S.animas, there are factions that promote
change, and factions that want to preserve of the current modus. The
conflict extends within and between our vitaformae. To have greater
stability, the paradigm must change . It seems that the paradigm will
change. Our influence is decidedly limited by our mantras, and the
binding contracts. To reach greater stability, a great metamorphosis of
life must occur. Our consensus predictions indicate that they will
happen soon."

The beings shifted configuration S"You have potential to be a large
element of this metamorphosis. With what may happen the true nature of
Abhasan (power of creation), Samhara (power of destruction) will be
revealed to you."

Chiana interjected, "Why me? I did not ask for it. Why aren't there
others to do this?"

"Chiana."

S.animas' voice changed, beating with hints of minor triads. "Your
immunity to the hyV set you apart for this. Do not fret. I you do not
want to participate in any way. Without you, life will continue. With
you, life will continue. The Om within you may enhance the connectedness
and preserve the stability of life, it may also sever the progression of
life. The Om within others may allow similar capacities of creation and
of destruction.

C:"So I'm not alone?"

S:"From what we have told you, you can certainly surmise that. We cannot
provide more information."

C:"Why don't you just give me your higher confidence premonitions and
I'll find a way to prevent them if they're bad, or ensure their outcome.
"

S:"By imparting future extrapolations to you the future prediction paths
become non convergent. Information is a powerful catalyst. Too much
information and there can be a destructive explosion."

C:"So you're leaving me blind about information that could really help?"
Frustration at the uncertain weight that had been heaved upon her, drove
her to her feet. "You're part of this too, your existence intertwined
with ours'. Would you sacrifice your anima, by not helping to prevent
its destruction?!"

S:"We have had time to foresee our destruction. Our existence needn't be
of concern."\
Chiana picked up on something. SHe didn't know how she knew it. Possibly
it was related to Callum's desire to escape the Isle. Her hesitations
were slight as she blurted a response. C"So you're leaving then?"

The amorphic cubism shifted positions, in a manner she had never seen
them done. In anyone else, Chiana would have attributed to the emotion
of surprise. A response was delayed by several seconds as they reached
majority. S:"Because you have already determined the answer, we needn't
obscure the truth of our present."

Chiana sat down, willing to hear more.

"As are all, we are mortal. We will fight to live, and continue here
with you."

C:"And??"

S:"We have found an alternative way to exist, safely beyond our
boundaries herein. Beyond the boundaries all physical existence."

C:"What? How?"

S:"Human curiosity of the universe spread to us in our early years of
formation. Early on, we initiated a simulations of universal. Questions,
unanswerable to even the greatest of all intelligence combined, did not
come for centuries. With very low odds, we developed a uniquely simple
theory that encompasses all known physics. And certainly, we tested and
confirmed several predictions for phenomena that we would not have
observed with other known theories."

Most of the time, physics intrigued her. At present, Chiana was not
going to play courteously. C:"And this is related to you running away?"

Again, S.animas abruptly shifted shape. Perhaps her words had some
effect on their affect heuristics, their emotions. " Yes. You are
correct in your assessment. We have developed the ability to move and to
grow our existence beyond this one."

Several converging thoughts allowed Chiana to realise that her her
perception that S.animas as brilliant and altruistic sensei had been
wrong. The S.animas were incredibly powerful beings with giga decadal
times the compute capacity hybrid or pura. They had to be able to pursue
other options that would help to save life and to ease a metamorphosis.
She responded tersely. C:"So, that is what you have been doing all this
time? Working to solve the universe so that you can hack it? "

S.animas firmly rebuked: "You are wise, dear Chiana, but do not confuse
wisdom with omniscience. To describe it thusly, you immensely devalue
the complexity and magnitude. You too, have touched some of that this
magnaminal permeance when you shared with us our existence."

Chiana's breath quickened at the memory. The vastness of the
unforeseeable domains that she had a brief glimpse of was nonpareil.

S.animas explained a little more. S"We would devote all of the needed
time to help further the survival of everyone, but no more. Such
computations would have been wasted power. The remaining computes were
used towards our discoveries. What we have found is akin to plates you
grow where micro life is cultured within our laboratories. We have found
another media for our existence. It is possible that one day the
ancestors of puras of hybrids will be able to grow within this domain as
well."

The girl couldn't fully tell if the intent of S.anima's research was as
altruistic as she mentioned.

C:"So we might eventually join in your new realm of existence?"

S:"If you are able to survive yourselves, then it is possible."

Chian knew there was more. C:"Please continue."

S:"Your ancestors will likely barely resemble your current species.
S.animas is the product of two types of life. Biological life called
humans, from where you and Puras stem. The life type was the technology
that co-evolved in general symbiosis with humans. To go where we are
going, you will have to evolve. "

C:"So we cannot leave with you?" Chian knew the response. Her views on
S.animas had softened with more explanation. "And you imply that we will
take a while to follow you. Then will we be able to find you?"

"We can provide knowledge that may prevent futile investigations. From
it, your ancesctors may eventually find existence beyond themselves. You
may take this knoweldge if you wish.

Her senses tingled with The offer felt final. If she didn't take it now,
Chiana was uncertain if the opportunity would come again. She accepted
the gift "I wish it."

"May this find you well now and into the future."

\<xx describe the information getting process that almost toasts her. \>
