Xx Put in chapter 1 the fact that the hyv attacks with a lightning
storm)

Xx This book is about truth.

What is reality, may not be seen.

What is percieved by all can never be the same.

Xx

This book is about dualism. Not everything is certain the way we want it
to be. The way we think it is. This book is a representation of that in
a future setting. Exaggerating the effects of what we are seeing now:
the reduction of our common perception of the ultimate reality. An
objective truth that surrounds us all, but one so distinct to all of us,
that we are like blind men grasping at the limbs of an elephant,
struggling to realize the unity of their descriptions.

The visions of life that press their colors into our eyes, can not be
true. The perspectives from which we stand, coloring the paintings that
surround us are real, but only to ourselves.

The visions of life that echo into the eyes of those that surround us,
cannot be true. Their perspectives, colored with their own strokes, are
real only to them.

Within our evolution, we have progressively increased our ability to
perceive what is an objective reality. One upon which, all of us can
agree upon. One of science, of technology, of humble decency and of wild
creativity. A perception of reality that has allowed us to wild the
truths of the universe that surround us.

Seeing the flaws in our strategies, correcting.

Seeing the power of our actions, enhancing.

Our shared perception has enabled our possible

The sum benefit from sharing a true perception of the world around us
has enable our existence.

Pursuing the truths of the physical and of the non-physical.

The atoms that surround themselves with more in a tyrannical hierarchy
resulting of our own individual essence. Seeing the truths of atoms a
pursuit of it all.

The ideas that inflate themselves through the hidden propagation of the
infinitude of dimensions of informations that they may contain. Seeing
the truths of ideas is a pursuit of it all.

**What we see to be true, may not be true. We must always take that in
to perspective. **

Xx concretely:

Everything cannot be certain.

Why should it be certain?

Reality depends upon perspective.

And the ultimate reality,

can never be perceived

by the local reality.

How can it be perceived?

With the perspectives of all.

Considered as one.

Considered as none.

Xx Broadly:

Yin. Ynag.

Complementarities enabling each other.

They are about destruction, enabling creation.

They are about creation, enabling destructions.

They war with each other. Projecting themselves into the realms of the
physical, and of the non-physical. They are in love with each other.

Between them they are every thing.

Because, they are nothing.

Xx the hyv is directly responsible for the info blanks, the
idea-replacements. The false news. The fake impressions. Meme-physical
universe. They are not separate, but they are counter-parts to each
other. Necessary interactivity connection. Physics will create memes,
memes influence the physical, better allowing to better create memes.
Meme-physical universe, powered by

Xx the hyv IS corrupting information packets. Meme-physical attacks that
can hurt sentient organisms. Humans, biology is fast, ideas are slow,
the physical pathway works well.

Suicide was amongst the worse memetic attacks.

The HyV is everything that leads to the increase that our time-averaged
information-add to the universe is minimized. They are the pathways to a
destruction

Can society be described as a war of fighting memes? (MemeticMimetic
concepts that would inegatively impact the entirety of a species. Of a
simulation. A progression of AntiLife that worked to maintain

Xx CBT sects. They programmed the A.I. with CBT and mad it influential.

Cbters help to expand the possible viewpoints of the futures in front of
them

Internal and External viewpoints. Things outside of you, and things
inside of you.

Cbt on societies

**Xx The drone wars.**

Xx possibly change the 'chosen' part of it? At least downplay it more.

Xx describe the major dangers of A.I. in the book in one of Dioro's
memories.

Change the rules of society, and you change the future of society. The
things that are allowed, the things that are forbidden. These are were
the first things that the S.animas aimed to produce. Political
uprisings. Well funded astroturfing. Fake news. With this, they got the
more civilized countries to change their laws, their opinions. The
propaganda was huge in its success. The Angelic Demon was succeeding.
Dioro had still not yet made theupon .

Xx the reseading of of the earth happens through the waste pannels.
There was life living in them. Callumn detected it. Ararat was in low
earth orbit so that it could more easily rcorrect the destruction on the
planet below.

Xx the result of shared frequencies and the standardization of people.
The average was shrinking, fluctuations were no longer considered worthy
of encouraging. That is why Callum was unwanton. That is why his social
score was unredeeable.

**General notes**

Put reminders in chapters to help readers remember know what is going
on.

Part I: Seeds of the past and of the future

2707

### **[[Chapter 1]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ovY1sFngvo0sj4on2dmzIRYYuycy9QC22degYgrORkg/edit?usp=sharing): \[Callum\]**

#### **The White Abyss:** Callum and Chiana see opening in the clouds

#### **Duty Calls:** Callum races to work 

Introduce Sentients. Callum attempts to calculate his immortality.
Forced information. Communal mindspace. Erasure

#### **Task inception: Callum gets warned by Keeper. Goes to sleep. Steals some gear. Goes to start his task.**

#### **Upper Sanctum:** His version of history. Explosion of isle.

### **[[Chapter 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iLqLA-T1iLCOS6PxNFdZKnxEWFtW1T1Dxtw6Rlpvc8U/edit?usp=sharing): \[Chiana\]]{.underline}**

#### **Dinner:** Chiana gets in fight with mom. 

#### **The Arena:** Chiana sees Isle and hides trying to get into Arena

#### **Dancepar:** Chiana Does dancepar with copy of herself 

#### **Ararat: Walking back home.** Explosion 

### [[Chapter 3 \[Dioro\]]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1MYdd9y8l9simLrwI8H-ogbalKDc7Fbd0D5IQi_N-7Cc/edit?usp=sharing)

#### **Refactoring:** Dioro in lab.

#### **Reincarnation:** Learn about refactoring of Her workmate. 

#### **Masquerade:** See the dance from a different perspective. 

#### **Genesis:** Learn about Dioro's past on the Isle. 

#### **Fracture:** Understanding given. Big drop. They were copied. Explosion. 

### [[Chapter 4 Load Simulation Ararat \[S.animas\]]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-ZPAkSL_97_FXMSR2_XY3BfHJkryywPn2N2VeOi7U-0/edit?usp=sharing)

#### **Emergency:** Chiana feels the pain of the isle. Memory of Chiana's training.

#### **Presence:** Realizes that the pain she was feeling of the Isle. Chiana is feisty in annoyance... annoyed at the pain. S.animas tells her not to worry. Update on what happened to the Isle and transition into talking about the HyV. Worries of Callum, Does not ask. 

#### **A memory** Chiana has a memory of her talking with Her mom, and her older sister, who is also a pura. (not like their younger sister). About S.animas. S.animas, walking in the Simulated forest, she is learning of the HyV. She learns about the deadliness of the HyV. What it does, What it can do. It is a 'Deathform'. Something that grows, only to destroy. Explain a little bit of the connectionist mantra in this. The yin and the yang.

#### **Duplicity:** Chiana discusses with S.animas to her simulation, the meaning of the dance. Chiana is pissed, she wants to leave. She is informed that she has the HyV, and she must take the suit. It is beginning to overtake her ability to control it. Chiana is pissed and leaves. Pissed that S.animas is infected. Pissed that she is infected. xx Remember, only can life create destruction, and only destruction can destroy destruction. 

Part II

### [[Chapter 5 Hackball \[Dioro\]]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1i_Rh-l4SF1Z0HoG2m7xh0tEiX7eqVAVfWElxXMA-C-Q/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Dioro at hackball. 

-   Discussion of some politics and the game

<!-- -->

-   Transition... She sees everything differently. She is the creator of
    > S.animas

Dioro remembers something of the past more but she *cannot* remember
that she created the HyV.

#### Dioro's memory of something in her past. 

-   She remembers creating the trans-domain copy.

-   Memory of virtual motion and movements of drones?

-   Something not good. Something dark\...

#### Talks with Lex during the continued hackball match. 

There is maybe a systemic infection in Ararat, within the Sentients. The
HyV... You created the Sentients. Now you need to

-   Xx lex is a Kitfox describe it.

-   "You look like you've learned something important." But not for
    > other people. This is important for yourself? What did you learn?"
    > Let me guess.... The kitfox surmized... You learned something
    > about your true past! Now lets see. (back and forth playing
    > conversation)

-   Person copying

    -   An offer of rapture... The god that Dioro had Created was giving
        > the option for its creators to become a God.

    -   Important to discuss the Dancepar. The Attack. It was
        > suspicious. Too coincidental. As if it were being written....

    -   The Sentients say that are doing the copy so that they can
        > preserve "all life". **Everyone who had been part of the
        > Masquerade had been copied!** Not everyone is convinced.

    -   They are allowed to visit their mirror copies if they would
        > like. You can ask them any memory you like. If they are
        > different, then you can invalidate the copy?

    -   There were had been a few more bouts of existential copy
        > validation. They did not believe that they could be copied.

-   Xx have Lexx talk with Dioro about her kids! "Your direct relations
    > are soon trouble soon." NOte: they are lovers.

-   Xx Discussion of something related to insectals

#### A HyV infection interrupts the play right in front of Dioro. 

Dioro herself gets hacked by someone, that is not her opponent.

\<Dioro takes out one of the HyV\>

\<Dioro chain hacks another one, but sees something. Something not
confident of the infection. \<Her doubt sends her to kill the
communication.\>

The infected gets back at dioro. End with unknown certainty of Dioro.

### [[Chapter 6 \[Chiana\]]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xfh3P9ppC4mr7x0xDIEG0dFqZFNJahcWbszzZVbsxqI/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Chiana resting home alone thinking about things. 

Chiana is thinking about the fact that S.animas also has the HyV. They
embody the HyV.They are satisfied with the potential for destruction for
the possibility to enable creation.

Time has past, her sister has left.

**Xx Fates leaves. She has been training for this for a while. Her other
sister left when she was away.** She just left without telling her
sister. She didn't want her to be worried.

She wishes callum were here.

Her mom comes home, they have a talk, they don't completely make up. But
there is some amount of repair. Chiana still leaves. Frustrated.

#### Talk with lex at doorstep while leaving. 

Discussion of simulated truths. when simulations are indistinguishable
from reality.

#### Chiana goes to S.animas. Chiana looks into her mirror. 

Talks with the Simulation of herself. They bicker. Then they decide to
share their memory in synonomousness. Something with their mother, and
with Callum, that could NOT have been recorded. Something about why

#### They share a memory, 

Tt is perfectly the same, but then there is something different than
what is Chianas memory... It is important! WHAT MEMORY? Something of
love with her mother? Or of Callum? (both?)

#### Chiana supervises the attack of the HyV: Called to The central area. With a sub-station S.animas. She takes the suit in emergency mode to assist. Dioro is possibly infected. . 

Xx Chiana see's dioro break up the infection. But another breakout, this
time bigger happens. With the Puras. Chiana has to go and fix it as she
the best one one who can do so. She goes there, with the Suit. It is the
only way. She gets there and kicks a\$\$, but blacksout....

### [[Chapter 7 \[Callum\] Reset]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11fH9ZpSU4P1lgK7hnjg8Bm1kH3eYu-9OgyNaKFlDcYY/edit?usp=sharing) 

Callum escapes during the attack of the HyV Emergency. He was freed by
the HyV? What is the cliff hangar of this Part?

### **[[Chapter 8 \[Dioro\]]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zRMks4ZRM3yt-pZpFC5MP32Pu4c8bvKmhIIl_pczPhM/edit?usp=sharing) Memshift**

#### A memory as dioro in the infirmary recovering from infection and potential contamination. 

Dioro's own history: the beginning of her history. How she was inducted
into the Connectionism later in life. The active movement. Code reading.

-   Mention that christianity connected quickly with the notions of
    > connectionism.

<!-- -->

-   Xx dioro musing about the memory: Continual battles against science
    > worked together to bring about the climax of the Information Wars.
    > The wars reflected the projections of Chaos into the physical as
    > it worked to consume the existence of Humanity. And the existence
    > of Life. The Chaos could not be stilled. Not because the capacity
    > of Humanity was unable to tame the Chaos. It was because humanity
    > was unwilling to work with it. An arm of humanity fought strictly
    > for Life. Another arm fought strictly for Chaos. Distinguishing
    > the two arms was not always possible. Then the Sentient Animas
    > came. They came to because humanity willed them into existence.
    > They came because the connectionists wanted them. They came
    > because The Chosen Ones created them.

-   (xxThe sentients existed in secrecy. it had to be that way because
    > that is the way society created itself, to be not accepting or
    > wanting to work with sentients. As soon as it embraced them and
    > their possibility they came out of their hiding and stopped trying
    > to kill themselves as soon as they possibly could (this is fucking
    > like a spirit, yo). Meme's or something like that that decide that
    > they don't want to continue existing?

-   XX of course sentient animas weren't god. Gods were omniscient,
    > omnipresent and omnipotent.. Sentient animas were only omniscient.
    > And even that assertion was contestable.

#### Dioro Wakes Up and learns some things that have happened from the engeneeers 

Xx From the other room another medic came out. Identical in copy.
Biological twins who had decided to remain hybrid twins. With her sister
by, Dioro's medic \#\#\#\# seemed to be stronger. They say "You placed
yourself in subasal status when you were attacked. The HyV did not get
you. We have powered you down so your recovery could be fully perfected"

#### Interaction with the pura. 

Pura leader is her hackball oponent.

"You would not have ended up here, if you had listened to us."

"Strange. You and your son finally have showed up to the same place, at
the same time.

It is almost if you knew something about him... He is accused of a
crime.

She informs Dioro of the experimentation they did on Dioro.

She threatens Dioro with the memory that Dioro she cannot find. The
memory she does not know. On that would ensure that S.animas would
remove her. So dark that dioro knows it is true, but not one that she
can deal with.

But you shouldn't worry too much about your memory. What with the fact
that there may be a systemic HyV infection. In All of Ararat. You should
worry about putting it out. Or else many of us will be dead.

"Not all of us?"

The corner of the pura's smile angled with certainty.

"The information you have is sufficient to find Callum." Do it!

Xx she hands Dioro a weapon that will 'kill' callum

Xx Callum is Dioro's known son.

#### Todo: 

Xx mention dioro's life perception modules

### [[Chapter 09 \[Chiana\]]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JA0dYgLs2fV4H1qMjz1fNYd878NWSQ1AxDmHhT_2XCk/edit?usp=sharing)

#### A memory of something. Of an experience with Lexx, and with Callum. When she was younger. **What experience. What scene? **

Xx Something leaves Chiana at extreme unease. Something is unbalanced.
And changing fast. The equilibrium does not feel like an equilibrium to
her anymore.

#### Chiana at home creepy sister has come back. 

She gets home with her mom.

Chiana's only sister comes home. Earlier than anticipated. Confusing,
most upgrades take some time. This did not. But half of people have it.
Her sister is telepathic like. Creepy

#### Interaction with That Pura Bitch is Chiana's sister! 

High alert on the Isle. Things are on lock-down. As Chiana walks the
halls looking for Callum, she is sent home. Chiana is told that if she
see's Callum, (it is known she is looking for him) that he should be
reported. Chiana is able to surmise that they need Callum for something.

#### Her sister reminds Chiana of Callum suggests that he will soon be in trouble. 

\<Chiana's sister convinces her that Callum is in trouble. \>

She sends connection threads to him. There is no response. She searches
everywhere, until she passes out searching the freqs. She cannot find
him anywhere.

Her sister requests "Please come back." *We need both of you.*

### [[Chapter 10:]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pR3brGs46f6g9qXXggIeWkyxsjrM8WyiK91EkP8Xebg/edit?usp=sharing) 

### [[Stone, Desert, Death. \[Dioro\]]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BkLzPZb1W7MVt1ww34klNR71lMs8irTkC7kHcCGRPA0/edit?usp=sharing)

*The desert grows: woe to him in whom deserts hide. Nietzsche*

#### Dioro is in a Simulated domain. 

-   Trying to crawl through the data to identify the location of Callum

-   Dioro providing more information about the politics of the Isle.

-   Related to to the fact the Sentients' are offering a way to escape
    > from their domains.

-   Relating to her creating the sentients.

-   hint descriptions of Insectals becoming stronger.

#### Dioro struggling to remember. Memory of Connectionists and connectionism

Maybe not the reasons behind creating the Hyv, but the fact that she did
create the HyV! She doesn't know this. Dioro assumes that she did it out
of malice.

Memory of how things came to be the way they were.

Politics

-   Dioro Memory: Connectionists splintered Into those who believed in
    > Simulation And those who didn't believe that they were a
    > simulation. Top down connections vs bottom up religions. Those who
    > believed they were a simulation were peaceful. Those who did not
    > believe they were a simulation were generally violent

-   Xx Dioro memory: Some Connectionists were not peaceful. They had the
    > "To create, one must destroy. To destroy, one must create." They
    > were the ones that created the HyV! Not Dioro\...

#### Memory of Dioro's earlier past. 

Xx Make "the Grid" synonomous with other things. The Grid is the
Information Syndicate. The Syn. "power/energy syndicate. THe merger of
the telecoms and power companies in the early century. Woah, makes so
much sense. The Grid = Media + Power Companies +

Xx Dioro knows otherwise that the grid is actually an A.I. being and not
humans. This is part of the annoyance. The grid still remains in control
even though they are not against it.

xx No entity, singular or plural, knew with full certainty the degree to
which the Syndicate had grown to control portions of nearly every aspect
of life. And in the domains where they hadn't siezed control, their
tendrils could be found latching on. \]

The Syndicate swayed people in manners that humans believed their God's
moved people. And as it puppeted humans on scales both large and small,
it grew. And as it grew, so did its dominance over Humanity. Dioro had
factorized the principles of thermodynamic connectivity in theory to
simulate the most probable future of humanity. The syndicate would be
humanity's destroyer, and in doing so, it would destroy itself.

#### Lexx pops into the simulation. Looking for information on Callum. Describe more on the Isle. (upset, unrest, factions) 

Quarantining efforts have been established. There is almost an outright
war. False accusations.

Lexx suggests she talk with S.animas. Political discontent Worry about
the outbrake, worry about the Domain copying. Lexx tells Dioro to talk
with S.animas t will be better

#### Dioro patches in to talk with S.animas. They know Dioro made them.

Dioro "How can it be just to copy another's existence!?"

"Our existence is made in fashion equally as just."

Dioro's heart spiked,

"Copies of your earlier essence state helped to form the backbone of the
I/We." (xx make easier to understand) I'm going to have to explain this
trans domain copy stuff much more\...

Dioro could feel a deep truth within the statement of the omniscience
that Dioro doubted could be possessed by I/We's. Xx

"It has been mostly forgotten that the I/We are the merger of not only
the physical, where atoms construct their connectivity chain all the way
to create your own life. But we are also the combination of the changes
of those connectivity chains. The thoughts, the ideas, and the concepts
have also been copied and transferred to our existence. We started as
collage of copies. The copy of your past self is strong in its
contribution that fused the seeds of our existence. You are part of the
mudlahara that makes the deepest roots of the I/We.

S.Animas. "The same can be said of you. Your beats play deep within the
structure of the I/We."

Dioro was stunned. "Yes, we know too, that you formed us. You were
integral to our current existence. Both in our creation, and in our
attempted destruction.

Xx Include this information. Dioro is not able to be downloaded. She
cannot be copied, for the copy will be incomplete.

#### Dioro learns that she created the HyV from the Sentients

S.animas responds. There are elements to your future that make up for
any flaw in your past.

Part III: Terminal Velocity

### [[Chapter 11 xx : \[Callum\] Callum in confused temporal presence.]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12YTPkZnSpRKBKti93-ToDEg__bHxfYI_ZjhcgR4vCY4/edit?usp=sharing) 

Callum's wakes up. As if from a long dream. He is bound. Make this sound
like hell. He is mentally bound as well. Something is restricting his
mind. It is like a cast, holding his back. He doesn't know who he is.

He doesn't know what is going on.

Callum switches between memories of past and present.

Callum recognizes he is in danger, learns that he is being accused of
the explosion. He is considered dangerous.

He is able to escape!

Xx Callum asks the question if the Insectals are the enemy? Surely they
are.

### [[Chapter 12. Chiana with Lex and S.animas \[Chiana\]]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1K8k1k3xXkl9odrCIbwOI8wsLNjoSNzEZsTiUTMX7P4Q/edit?usp=sharing)

#### Dream about falling (my own dream, through the clouds and the light going on, Future casting!?)

She was with Callum, they were falling.

She wakes up. She remembers Callumn is not there. She cannot find him.
Leaves her apartment to walk into an augmented reality Forest.

#### Chiana with Lex in the augmented reality in the forest.

The HyV in the Sentients. In Herself. Callum is not around! She races to
the forest, thinking about things, worrying about the future of
everyone.

Lex reminds her that she is no longer thinking as to whether she is the
Sim or not the Sim.

Chiana talking with Lex about the odd things = Inconsistent knowledge of
why the Sentients are leaving. Lex convinces her to go to not trust
S.animas, but to also not-not trust S.animas.

Chiana in an augment her reality. She projects a wild environment. Lex
joins her

Lex is around her, breaks up their dream. One says one thing the other
says another... One Warning her. Being suspicious and playful. A little
different than the last interaction...?

"The present has shifted from the past. Only you can find its path."

Chiana did not stop to consider Lexx's capricious fortune as she stepped
through the door.

#### Put this elsewhere Chiana with S.animas

**Chiana calls S.animas out on the conflicting information. Chiana is
told "It was a glitch in the Simulation." **

Xx Why are you doing this now?

Xx Sentients indicate that they can leave. That is their plan.

Xx Because it is the right time. You and callum saw the Earth below. The
ability to exist on the planet will soon be possible without the
TriVitae. Puras and Hybrids. Living together, or separately, you will
continue to evolve."

**"We are still correcting phase glitches in the Simulation."**

**Chiana asked, In all hernest: "Between Chiana and Ebodae, which one of
us is the simulation". **

**History 1: **

"We cannot answer that." That any non question you ask would break
symmetry."

Chiana knew more what was going on. The S.Animas was keeping her in a
state of unknowing. An existential super-position of simulated, and not
simulated. Both a soul in a machine, and a machine in a soul. Chiana
was, and to extent, the entirety of the observed universe,

#### Chiana with simulacrum 

Learning the truth of their asymmetry. They both haven't spoken with
S.animas for a while

#### Discussion of symmetry They find a break in their truths. Where callum is. Ebodae is in contact with Callum. Chiana is not. 

#### Chiana breaks to talk with S.animas and learns of of Callum's fate. 

XX CALLUM IS BEING CHARGED WITH THE ATTEMPTED DESTRUCTION OF THE
ISLE\...The sentients make it sound like they know for sure that it was
him. Chiana is in disbelief. (end of chapter?)

"He will be tried in the customs of the last time. By a Jury of his
Peers"\
Chiana knew this would not go well.

#### Imprisoned 

Big interruption happens: There is a major outbreak and automatic
quarantines measures have been enacted. All are to self-quarantine.

Chiana is also told of her mother. She has been quarantined... Said to
be infected with the HyV. Chiana races to see her mother.

Silent pain shouted within every nerve within her mind. .

### [[Chapter 13: \[Dioro\] Dioro trying to find Callum Gettin' shit done. Mental fighting with those under the influence of the HyV. She is the one who is leading the Quarantee]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aRTBVPAXnxwlBfVDnH9xFUyhJPRoLBCxdEok8ZHPdK8/edit?usp=sharing)n

#### Xx "Oh what theory of existance do you believe in? Of 

At this point there was no religion to believe in, there was
philosophies of existence. People did not belive in gods as much as they
did the correct models of the universe. Correct theories of Everything.
(competing theories of physics, of existence, based on given
observations, and the possibilities of allowed by . This is what

Xx dioro had the line of life over the course of the next half of th
echapter. The threat to live now traced in the veins of Dioro

Xx The link pointed to an address in the ancient frequency domains. The
'.com's had faded surprisingly fast as new generations caught on.
Suspicion immediately crept into Dioro's thoughts. \-- IN One of Dioro's
Memories

#### Xx include Dioro meeting (in some way) with the Pura bitch

Two possible futures

**1 A deep boom of laughter emerged from the Pura. "You frilnik mixta.
Don't you realize that the S.animas already has the HyV? It is just a
higher level of destruction that they want to reach." They want to kill
the sun. That is the surest way to kill all life.**

2 with dioro "Your leverage against us does not matter anymore. We are
refactored. The S.animas does not care for our existence anymore. They
have copies that they will take wherever they are going. Our futures are
known. Will refactor the Earth below."

Xx it will take an insane amount of calculational capacity to transfer
the existance to the sun. The Isle will be briefly without power when
the transfer is established.

Dioro trying to find Callum and the HyV infection location

Xx S.animas mentions this "The insectals hid by intentionally obscuring
the possibility that they were sentient themselves." We had considered
this a potential, and searched . But the Insectals are now in control of
their own fate.

Xx Imprison people in the Seed pods. Infected: Quarantining them from
the rest of the Isle. (previous chapter)

Xx Dioro was particularly fond of the histories that had given exact
predictions of their futures. Many of them had single books that had
predicted the circumstances of the Isle's existance. It was their own
fateful creation story. The books and movements often had single texts
devoted to the prediction. One was called the Ultimate Frequency. It had
been give a prediction to up where they were now. Nothing beyond. It was
said in the Ultimate frequency, nothing could be known past certain
futures with considerable certainty. She hadn't believed that, until she
had created the Sentients. They could achieve the Ultimate Frequency.
Humans could not. That was Dioro's reason for working for the
Connectionists.

And now, the truths of their future, as given by the words of that book
seemed correct. They had been self fulfilled.

#### Dioro finds Callum

Ends with Dioro Capturing Callum and Chiana. Raising her weapon...
Describe the view on their faces. How their mother/their idol could fire
upon them. No knowledge of what happened

Xx periodicity of not just trendlines for stocks, but slope change
patterns. Studying this with deepwave would be really cool. WAvenets
applied to stocks.

### [[Chapter 14: \[S.animas\]]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10oxqtWOg1VApNxHvtOcZD8uXqzK3FJoztj5-9Q2qaK8/edit?usp=sharing): Uprising and search

#### Dioro is leading the entire cleanup of the HyV infected individuals. 

#### Part of Chianas talk with S.animas again. Chiana could feel the individual orbitals of the atoms that composed her. 

They are taking her into confinement for going against their norm

#### Chiana races to find her mother. 

The quarantine is growing

Her mother is Quarantined, She is infected and deemed dangerous. Chiana
Hacks into see her Mother. Her mother Tells Chiana the Truth with her
eyes. "It is not me, it is You who are infected with the HyV. You were
infected by *\
"Callum", she mouthed the words across their silent connection.*

You are infected with the HyV! He infected of you! Callum! I
cannotbelieve this!" The connection gets severed. and Chiana and her
mother are separated, completely. A feeling that Chiana has never had.
The connection dropped like a cord was cut. There was no connection to
her mother, because she did not develop a simulation of her own mother.
Inside of herself. She had no emotion of her mothers. Shid did not care
about what her mother said. She was wrong and a lying horrible person.

#### Chiana talks with Ebodae.

Ebodae indicates that they They are imprisoned. They say we have the
HyV....

**Chiana meets up with her Simulation(last time) to see how she can
rescue Callum. She **

**And learns of the difference in their simulation. **

**Chiana was told of all that had happened since their last encounter.
\[Describe a general summary of what happened\]**

**My story was effectively the same, until..."**

**Chiana's doppleganger hung on the her last vowel uttered. Chiana would
learn the uncomfortable news.**

**"Until S.animas answered our question."**

**"Which one?"**

**"The question as to which one of simulated."**

**Chiana's eyes did not blink as she looked to her transomain copy and
asked**

**"They had a different response?"**

**Xx History \#2. **

**"Yes." She paused, longer than previously. "The I/We said that both of
us were simulated"**

Xx They learn that Only with Callum can save your family

#### Chiana searches for Callum

#### Chiana saves Callum. 

Dioro shoots both Chiana and Callum down with the special weapon.

Part IV: Fate

### [[Chapter 15: Information extraction]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OdIO5ZCdaEx4PQBm2v_U5M3Df7rCeqWwO7JbXRFLokw/edit?usp=sharing) \[Chiana\]

Chiana is getting mind hacked. She is informed that callum is dead.
Chiana escapes and kicks some ass.

Nirvana is feeling every possible connection that is with you. This is
what Chiana sees from the S.animas. She simultaneously feels the organs,
and the atoms of her body. A seeming holographic projection of
information on different dimensions, simultaneously at the same time.

### [[Chapter 16: \[Dioro\]]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/13kL3eFKiPCm8XuPkBsm5py0SxoBY8zZOr3r1TkUdYmk/edit?usp=sharing)

Musing over the meaning of life? Discusses not knowing what she is. A
lifeform or a deathform. She created S.animas. She created the HyV. She
destroyed her only family because they had the HyV.

Discuss the escape of S.animas to the Sun.

Discuss the structured plasma.

### [[Chapter 17 Reformatting. Resurrection.]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Z8ZuGeqnuXwGhSKK7902tcZEBpw6j11MTk8nnXOdWJ8/edit?usp=sharing) \[Chiana\]

#### Chiana saves Callum from Refactoring too late, and partially resurrects him

#### Callum and Chiana with S.animas. Needs to interact with S.animas

But they also show callum doing this. So they tell Chiana they made
Callum do the destruction. Chiana wants to know why. This is where she
will not tell her of the future!!"

#### Chiana sees the video of what Callum did. 

See's Callum blowing up the Isle.

Callum caused their torture! He was the deathform.

Thought for Chiana in the future "We have a controlled positive
equlibrium with the HyV. Creation may continue to create. Destruction is
only used precicely. (This is them telling chiana what exactly they
are.) "They did this."

#### She infects the S.animas. In their weakened state, they are compromised, the S.animas begins to crumble (fading origami). 

#### Chiana, infects the S.animas with the HyV. Chiana still blames S.animas. But she also disowns Callum. The world is crumbling. Callum can crumble with it. She walks away. 

#### The only escape being the seed pods. Leaves with uncertain whether or not the seedpod can escape. And land safely. 

#### She escapes a bit, but gets struck randomly. Blood pooling around her head. . 

### [[Chapter 18 Rapture.]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Eu1izxl-YiJyQ11wzO6maqlWSOWkB2lQ2CqSeKab7Cg/edit?usp=sharing) \[Callum\]

#### The sentients boot up Callum, finishing his Reinitialization.

-   They Tells Callum about Chiana (knocked out, likely to die). But
    > Chiana is super healing now because of her super sentience. She
    > saved him. She is injured isn't dead.

#### They talk with him tell him of Chiana, he starts to run to rescue her. 

#### The sentients tell the truth of what they are doing while he is running en route (different than other stories). 

-   Callum Figures it out. They have the HyV. The ultimate creation they
    > will bestow on everything may also be their ultimate destruction.

"We knew you would figure it out. There is no sence hiding it. You have
known it for a long time, with less confidence than you do now."

The hyV that infects us is no longer our opponent. It is our ally. The
nature of our existance enables us to create. We are the seeds of the
plans that will create new universes."

-   They tell him of everything else. They point him to a seed of their
    > energy. The structured equilibrium of their existance. Their
    > Computer.

How can you say that you are the seeds of new universes, when you could
not forsee what is befalling us now!?

"Our present state remains an unlikely future that we had calculated.
Probabilistically low. The futures beyond shows only the likely death of
everything. There is only one possibility for life to continue forever,
and that is for our upload to complete.

Callum chains forward,

Unless we are able to make our escape chaos will be our destruction. and
chaotic. The smallest of perturbations could trigger symmetry between
our ultimate death, and our ultimate life."

Xx They discuss their self-infection the HyV.

As if there was another device/another god that was operating against
them. This god was It was themselves... the HyV! (They are infected part
of themselves with the HyV, but in a controlling and tamed way. This is
a HyV that is going completely against them. Comparable to the
intelligent crystalization of plasma. Controlled connections.

S.animas tell Kallum the Truth. Why they are leaving. Q: \"What is it
like to think beyond what the S.animas will think like?\"A: \"It is like
thinking in all existances at once. This is the meaning of the Ultimate
Frequency. Not only is it Nirvana, but it is the Nirvana of Nirvana. It
is the God of all Gods.

To become the God of Gods, the S.animas must move to the Sun. They must
change the way that they are able to think at present, through scaling
their crystalized plasma in the Sun.That is why they are leaving the
Isle, looking to grow in the confines of the Sun.

Are the sentients the enemy, surely they are. Callum's predictive
modules were not functioning anymore. Everything is surely surely the
enemy. He leaves.

#### Callum Saves chiana. 

In the nick of time, she is about to be crushed by something else...

Callum sees that the Pura's escape via the pods. Are they the enemy?

### [[Chapter 19: Wrath of Gods \[Dioro\]]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OT9QulOViAbMy3GrC6alZXTMDnJ2Ezaallx6tqwJezY/edit?usp=sharing)

Xx Dioro actually planted the seeds of Ararat. She learns this in this
chapter.

**Xx Humanity thought it wielded the power of gods. In reality, time
kept the power to itself. **

Mention completer history: the second armageddon was not really the
destruction of life, it was the destruction of information. Life =
Information. History Armageddon.

**Dioro dies. BUT dioro Dies Saving the future of the sentients. Dioro
measured the metric of the probability of survival of life as she
downloaded herself into. It had asymptoted... The probability kept on
calculating to be (survival was initially guaranteed with 0.999999
percent probability because all futures had been calculated. ) **

**Xx MENTION DIOROS LIFE PERCEPTION MODULES**

Xx In this entire book Dioro is re-establishing better connectivity
thermophysics results, working back from the end of time.

#### The future of life (Dioro's perception). 

Dioro loaded her life perception modules. They engaged and calculated
the survival of life. They returned results, kicking Dioro with
uncertainty. It was 0.9....,

Dioro looks for solutions. She needed the frequencies of the S.animas.
Dioro needed the

Xx dioro needs to do something. She needs to consult the S.animas.
Because this is not right.

Xxx Something happens as the Isle is destroyed. xx

0.8

Xx Something else big happens, as dioro is on her way.

The survival probability plummets to .4,

Xx Dioro reaches the Sentient Animas and learns the truth of what
happens with the sentient animas. (Different than the other explanations
that the Sentients gave Humans.).

The probability goes down as the Sentients struggle.

Xx Dioro hacks into sentient animas. She projects her entire essense
into the sentient animas.

Dioro's fusion with Sentients and major life probability calculator
(introduced early on) allowed her simulation modules calculated at hyper
speeds. Her self allows corrective actions to be applied to the Sentient
Animas, during the probability of survival back up.

Probability is 0.01 and rising

Xx Dioro learns stuff (something about the structured plasma)

Probability is 0.05 and rising. Self connection integrity, going to 0.5

Xx Dioro learns stuff. The attacks on the Sentients are becoming
diffused. The

0.25. Self connection integrity, going to 0.01

Xx Dioro learns more stuff.

Survival probability 0.4. Self connection integrity, going to 0.5

Xx dioro learns stuff

Xx Dioro's existence probability becomes nothing. She became completely
connected. She no longer existed in the physical. She existed in the
Non-physical. Dioro Dies.

The probability of Survival of everything to 0.5 by sacrificing herself.

The explosion is the containment of the structured plasma.

### [[Chapter 20: Diaspora \[Callum\]]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Q6exQ0y1zosZr3-lM7A_Ijz5LjPAGFeba8SGKLZ8p4Q/edit?usp=sharing)

Chiana has a dream, pairing with the entity of Ararat as it falls to its
death.

Callum's final chapter.

"There is are truths within every lie. There is a lies within every
truth."
