Xx make this chapter so that Dioro's view of the dance is just a
standard interaction after a successful day. She had completed the cure
to the HyV. Her experiments were a success, she should save Ararat!

MAKE DIORO A STRONGER CHARACTER bad upper class with less 'weak' rage.

Chapter 3 Dioro: 
=================

**Create Life and you become God. **

**Create God and you become Life. **

**\-- A. Seer**

Refactoring
-----------

Time: Present. 1029.23.21\#\#\# A.E.

Location: Lab \#\#26.

Next action: Merge Diatom Genome Revision set \#\#E7123F2\...

Primary goal: Refactoring

Xx make DIORO RELIGIOUS LIKE early in LIFE

Xx mention the information economy? Is this called a biofoundry?

Xx mention second system affect of the reprogramming?

The hours pulled the seconds apart. The strain pulled the on the planks
of the wobbly bridge that connected the present to the future. With each
elongated step, the movement of time went more slowly.

Dioro did not usually count the time before her shift ended. The rounded
counts of her internal atomic clock decreased slowly. 1.2131... hrs
1.2130... hrs. The laziness of the countdown was not the fault of time.
A system check on her internal aclock returned 0: operati within
tolerance. The lethargic countdown was not due to a disinterest in her
efforts. Currently, the progression of the present was slowed by the
existence of the future. Soon after the end of their shifts, the
Masquerade would start. It had been nearly a decade since the last one.

Dioro was one of the the three hologenetic engineers in their lab. They
darted between their stations. They wore hazards suits felt bulkier than
they were. The multilayered bio graphenic barriers would protect them
from any hostile pathogens.

From the insectal eyes a hyperdimensional stream of information
projected directly to Dioro's cortex. Her cerebellum flooded with
observations. Her mind was mated to the Angel that translated
information in from hardware into wetware information, and back again.
Dioro waited briefly for her wetware processing to decode the
information. Even though they took longer, she trusted the prediction
outcomes more than the results from her hardware processing. From the
results, Dioro could see not only their actions but the intentions
behind her counterparts' actions. She could see the feelings shaping her
counterpart's actions. She did not need information for a little while,
and restructured her plans for the Insectals.

Dioros mind whispered commands through her angel, relaying her bidding
to the insectals that paired with her. Within the moving mosaic of
chaos, the diversity of creatures only subtly reordering of their
movements. They whizzed almost silently in the lab's air as they
delivered material units between the incubator connection locks that
poked out from from the dynamically elastic walls like wave's
interfering in a chaos of water.

Dioro also wore the hazard suit as she walked around the lab, She didn't
need to. Her hybridized immune system provided immunity from any
pathogen, including the HyV. If, somehow, her hybridic immunity failed,
Dioro had other abilities. With her skills in frequency hacking, Dioro
could control outbreaks of the HyV. Dioro's purpose in their refactoring
team was twofold. Her second task was to protect the Isle from the
Pura's, should they become infected. They did not have Hybridic Immune
systems. If a misstep happened in their lab, they could be infected,
possibly invisibly. The HyV would hack the seemingly uncountable flaws
in the hologenetics that evolution had left to the Humans, and that
refactoring hadn't yet removed. The infection of one pura meant the
infection of many. The only true-history that Dioro had of the Ship's
The infection would spread quickly to other Puras. If anyone was hacked,
they would need to be quarantined. And eradicated. If her either of
Dioro's coworkers became infected, Dioro was there to ensure their
destruction. She was a Genie.

\"Status?!\"

In less than a nanosecond, Dioro's communication units allocated 0.12 %
of their bandwidth to process the word. Perception Their principal
vitaengeineer bellowed with an excessively genuine curiosity.

The atmospheric vibrations demanded her response. Dioro deferred by the
order of her rank. In her previous life, she was the leader of their
research efforts. Now, Dioro was a subordinate. But a subordinate with
the power to quickly destroy her superiors if it were called for.

The pura did not stop her work as she replied the ancient vo-call
language. \"Nearly 30% of the genetic fragility of
[Cnidaria](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cnidaria)
[[Anthozoa]{.underline}](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anthozoa) is
eliminated." Her voice was matted in dullness.

The meaning behind the tone of Deed's response came through her words
with a precise clarity. Her voice carried more information than she had
intended. Dioro's essence perception was finely tuned. Little was hidden
from the internal perception algorithms as they evolved to understand of
those around her.

There was a two-fold meaning that evened the response of Deed's
vo-calls. Dioro could sympathise with the first meaning. That they had
continued to use low bandwidth audible communication, in the inefficient
tongue, was something that Dioro had not gotten used to. Dioro had
mostly grown used to the thorn of annoyance. But on occasion, like it
did now, the splinter would call for Dioro's attention. She brushed away
the minor agitation. The second meaning motivating Deed's tonality much
more of Dioro's compute cycles. The minor inflections of the frequencies
that interlaced the meaning of Deeds words was very revealing.
Existential apathy had begun to creep into the state of Deed's being.
Dioro could not fully empathize with the growing affliction within her
colleague.

Their lead vitaeEngineer, took longer than usual in the timing of her
response to Deed's words. The time it took for her to speak enabled
Dioro to have an enhanced understanding of Grizz.

Grizz did not seem to perceive the same of annoyance greying Deed's
response. "The corals can be more tricky. Get Dioro to help you finish
it if you need to." She spoke was with an empty enthusiasm. Worry
depleted the vibrancy of her voice. Something was wrong. Dioro cut off
her inference engines. Her normal curiosity was tamed by an uncertain
instinct. Dioro paused her simulation of Grizz.

\"How about you, green-eye?\"

Dioro's eyes winced with flickered annoyance at the mention of her
nickname. The colors of her eyes came in multiple hues of all
temperatures that Dioro could change at her own desire. They had changed
to nearly every color but those classified as Green. She had never
wanted to color her eyes with Green. The voCal of her nickname irked
that at something within her.

She reported, \"The *Thalassiosira pseudonana\** diatoms are 82%
re-engineered. They will shortly have immunity against aggressive
endosymbiotic gene transfer." She relayed the rest of the information
via the Visage.

"Nice, that was fast! Now get it to 100% and help Deed. Put it it in the
automator if you have to. Given the flawlessness of your other
refactors, it's over-engineered."\
"It is better than have perfection than destruction," Dioro responded,
consciously repeating one of the connectionist mantras.

"We have nothing to worry about. We are ahead of schedule." Grizz's
optimism was thick.

Dioro chose not to respond. Their continued safety was not guaranteed.
Dioro worked as hard as possible to create a guarantee. Only a fraction
of the organisms that had existed on the planet below survived the
armageddon that followed apocalypse. The survival of the life that
remained confined them to a miniscule fraction of their previous
existence. The fate of the hyper-organism wobbled around an unstable
equilibrium. (xx confusing sentence, must be of ararat)

Ararat fought to put continued stability into life. Hologenetic
reengineering brief nudged life into a pseudo stability. Pathogenic
onslaughts continued to push uncertainty into the balance of puric life.
Any genocidal backdoors that could be exploited needed to be removed.
The weaknesses that remained originated from the poor choices of
evolution or from malicious or poorly executed gene-replacement drives.
Preventative or reactive repairs needed to be made. The codes of biolife
needed to be refactored.

Most organisms had already undergone the transformation. Nearly all
insects and most viruses and bacteria were now immune to the HyV. Other
creatures remained vulnerable. A number species, including many fungi,
with more complex architectures. The ancestors of humans, the Puras, had
were not yet exploit-free. A complete refactoring that eliminated their
susceptibility remained hidden. Those on Ararat took on the challenge to
remove the flaws. And the challenge was immense. Steady progress had
been made. But it wasn't enough. Their progress had pushed the evolution
of the Pura's beyond their ancestral flaws. Life's complexity and the
speed of Puric reproduction had initially slowed development. Until
reincarnation was instituted, their wetware algorithms could only be
safely upgraded with the creation of new child. The next generation was
turning around more quickly. It was scheduled to be released in 102
sleep cycles. Now, their iteration cycles turned faster. And with each
upgrade, the Pura's were closer to escaping the chain-reaction death
caused by the HyV.

Her immunity from the HyV was not the foremost thought that consumed
Dioro. A thread of humor escaped the traces of the hybrid's wizened
facade. The masquerade preoccupied Dioro's mind.

The masquerade connected the vitality of their three types of life early
in their emerging symbiosis. The musical celebration wove an invisible
thread of understanding between Puras, the Hybrids and the Sentients.
With the music, they came closer to understanding each other.
Undecipherable connections formed allowing a semblance of unity. And
from that unity Ararat had been possible.

Over time, fewer attended the masquerade. With the gestation of the
TriVitae long-over, the importance of the masquerade had faded. After a
while of minimal interest, the Masquerade stopped occurring. The
Frequency Worlds, or Hackball, or a effort in the Refactoring projects
had replaced the amusement aspect of the Masquerade. Still, a deeply
visceral need remained unsatisfied.

Dior with only hours of warning, the once frequent celebration was to be
held in the heart of Ararat. Dioros brow angled slightly exposing her
curious anticipation.

The vitaEngineers continued their shift's work. Time blended into the
music in Dioro's mind as she worked to finish her assignment. The music
propelled time to a normal pace.

Reincarnation 
--------------

Time: Present. \#\#\#\#\#

Location: Lab \#\#26

Next General Action: Translocate to Arena.

Primary Goal: Determine motivations of spontaneous Masquerade.

The music played to Dioro from a previous life. The colors of its tones
reminded her of something that she could not place. The memory was
indistinct. Like a dream that could have been real. If she reached for
the memory it would whisper away as smoke in the air. Dioro playfully
encircled the it so she could catch it. It seemed the soul of her past
that Dioro could not remember. The memories, purged upon her arrival on
Ararat, had escaped. The music's phrases played in rounds as it fleeted
from her grasp.

"Shift's Up"!

At Grizz's words, Dioros memory vanished with the music .

"So soon!?" Deed commented with dry irony. The frequencies of her vocals
seemed off. Deed wanted to escape their lab. Dioro did not question
Deed's desires that she too shared.

"Yep! Now let's get out of here and go to the Masquerade!'

Dioro pushed a terminating autonomous routine for the insectals to run,
as Dioro stepped out of the lab. \#\# out of place

Deed was already en route to the decontamination channel.

Griz and then Dioro followed in queue to follow her.

The brief silence ended. "Why do you think this is happening, now. After
so long. And with such little notification?"

"I've been wondering the same. I wish I had some good answers. I haven't
a clue."

Dioro had an extreme control of her voice and of her biometrics. The
controlled self-expression blanked the pages of her book so that no one
could read her, or so that they could read only what Dioro wanted. Griz
could not tell that Dioro was lying.

The decontamination channel flashed a projection indicating that Grizz
should enter. Dioro waited alone as her compatriots were sterilized for
entry into to the HyVsafe areas.

The projection flashed to Dioro and she walked into the channel. As she
did so, the mask on her face reshaped itself around her eyes to cover
their transparent portals. Dioro was blinded as the vacuum system
removed all air from their surroundings. An instant later, a light
brighter than the sun, burned the emptiness around her. The radiation
intensity would certainly rail the signals from any visual sensor that
remained exposed to the light. The eye-protection saved her eyes.
Without her sight, Dioro's skin told her what was going on around her.
The suit caressed her body with its rising warmth and yielded the
impression of the radiant inferno that engulfed her as if she were
falling into the Sun. The warmth apexed to a concerning temperature. The
radiant cleansing ceased as quickly as it had started. She stepped
through the portal into the second-stage. The heat that her body had
absorbed radiated outwards as her skin pulsed with the warmth from her
core.

The aperture closed behind her and the second phase began. In a humming
flash, a swarm of peppered blackness obscured light light. The insectals
swarm swallowed her in a sphere of deconstruction. The exploit-free
creatures surrounded Dioro as they methodically excised her suite with
surgical precision. The insectals caged the pieces and transported them
safely off of Ararat. At the final layer of Dioro's suite, she could
feel their mini-claws tap along her false-skin and patterns of heat
gradients from their microlasers as they tore the pseudo-flesh
surrounding her body. A warming chill of pressurized air blanked her
skin as the insectals uniformly viscerated the final layer of her suit.

The air tickled her naked skin as Dioro walked naked into the final
decontamination chamber. While Dioro was immune to the HyV, the
protocols required that she follow the same precautions as her puric
compatriots. The other stages did not alter to Dioro's comfort levels.
The final stage did. A final swarm of insectals overcame-her. Her
presence faded into memories as the decontamination process inspected
her entirety. She walked out of the channel.

The near emptiness of the white anteroom that dissolved in front of
Dioro. Griz broke the room's emptiness. She stood alone with a sober
happiness that lit up upon seeing Dioro enter. Dioro allowed herself to
display a slight surprise and projected her emotions in her body
language. She raised a questioning eyebrow.

Grizz noticed and answered.

"Yep, I waited for you. I thought we could head to the masquerade
together." A hopeful curiosity carried her words.

Hybrids and Pura's interacted almost entirely within their working
relationship. A series of rules, both writ and unwritten, had spliced
themselves into the fabric of society. Mixed interaction between the
Genera Vitae was no longer normal to society. A line of hope within
Dioro told her that the evening\'s Masquerade would unweave the
segregating threads. It needed to be done before the grains of
divisiveness dissolved completely within Ararat and nucleated a bubble
of instability.

"That is a nice thought. I'll gladly join you." Dioro's voice smiled.

"It will certainly seem out of ordinary given the present
circumstances."

"Yes, it will. As is the Masquerade."

"That is true. Shall we?" Grizz gestured.

Two concentric circles formed an eye within inverted triangle that
marked their door. The symbol of the TriVitae could not be escaped. They
walked forward, and the door parted around them. As the two walked from
the lab into the hallway, their conversation continued.

"I know you said with complete honesty that you do not know what is up
with the Masquerade. I know your profile. You can hide in the present
You cannot hide from the past."

"Or from the future." It was the past that hid from Dioro.

"Then please, share with me, your impressions of the coming Masquerade."

Dioro shook her head to herself. Her smugness lost her the upperhand in
this game of knowledge.

"This will be about the future."

"What do you mean?"

"Our stability is virtual."

Grizz cocked her head.

"The stability of the TriVitae, is semi stable. Each of the GeneraVitae
in control of a domain needed by the other. The Puras responsible for
the physical, are given a power over the Sentients and of the Hybrids.
The Hybrids, responsible for the electrical, are given a power of the
Puras and of the Sentients. The Sentients, responsible for maintaining
the entirety of knowledge that has ever been recorded have power over
the Hybrids and Puras. These have provided the checks and balances of
our governance since our creation."

"Yes?"

"The HyV is the only thing that has allowed this balance to exist.
Regardless differences of our physical and electrical abilities the
immunity of the Hybrids is a definitive advantage over the Puras and the
Sentients."

"Reasoning such as this is a cause of such imbalance. It is why most
Puras do not like Hybrids. I fear arrogance such as yours will destroy
you. I fear such arrogans may destroy all of us."

Grizz's words sunk with a deadened frequency into Dioro's mind. She
countered. "You may be right. But please believe me, I am not among the
Hybrids that life will fall into their sole Domain. I believe the
refactoring will succeed. I believe the Sentients may achieve the same
immunity. But presently, should the binding connections become further
unbalanced, the stability of future may fail."

"You believe the future is unstable?"

"It has been unstable since I have been here." She didn't elaborate on
the external perspective that she had been able to achieve when she
joined Ararat \#\# years ago. "The Sentients will reveal the future at
the Masquerade."

"How can you be so sure?"

Dioro paused in consideration. "You know, I don't know the answer to
your question. Somehow I know it to be true."

"If you know what will happen at the Masquerade, why are you so
surprised?"

She answered immediately. "I am surprised that it has taken so long for
it the revelation to come about." Something in her smiled inside. She
could not place it.

They walked in silence for a short distance. Their steps took their
curiosity .

"The discussion of our collective future has almost made me forget of my
personal future."

Dioro's head tilted, in , "What is your future?"

Her eye's looked "Oh yeah. You don't know. Of course not. I am going to
be 'carnated tomorrow."

A memory softened Dioro's eyes. She chose to respond with silence. No
longer did dioro view reincarnation as something that was hope for. Nor
was it something to fear for. It just was.

"Yeah, well I have to do it. I want to do this."

Dioro couldn't tell whose worse they were, Grizzs, or their brainwashed
brainwashing, otherwise known as training.

Griz continued as they walked onwards "I haven't met the mental reqs for
the previous two reincarnation cycles." Her head tilted slightly to the
floor, "I haven't been doing well with my training. And I don't want to
be susceptible anymore."

To remove their susceptibility to the HyV, a Pura's refactoring needed
to be complete. In doing so, eventually, their entire hologenome would
be replaced. And the Pura's would no longer be held by the blade of
death that the HyV continued held at the survival of their species. It
was necessary for them to refactor. And reincarnation seemed the best
way to do it. But the intricate process was imperfect. Among the
imperfections was the psuedo-copy of the pura's mind. Neuron-bridge
copiers would malfunction and only but essential parts of their mind
could continue on. The parts of their mind that had undergone the
training.

Despite mental-upgrades of each reincarnation, additional training could
not restore the memories that had been fragmented into entropic
oblivion. Most puras had undergone multiple iterations of reincarnation.

"Hahahaha" Grizz plucked a hidden tension in the air with the jealous
chuckles coming directly from her root essence. "You hybrids? You can
automod yourself with whatever features you want. Replace limbs, joints,
processors as needed. You can upgrade when needed. Not that you need to
be upgraded. Your immunity to the HyV is already perfect."

"There is no guarantee that it will stay that way. The HyV is not
stationary." Dioro countered Grizz's negativity with her own fear. It
was perhaps that was the case.

"That is True. But the future is not yet the present. And for us
skinbags?" She paused, "Well. Refactoring is our only hope. Complete
reincarnation. But when this happens? I don't know if I continue to
exist."

Dioro saw the frustration in Grizz's words. Reincarnation was nothing
but a the result of a virus that had been programmed to reprogram its
host. The virus itself was programmed from genetic codes of its host.
Such auto-reprogrammings were part of Sentient Animas. And now for the
Puras, the same notion was used to evolve themselves. With each
Generation they stepped towards immunity.

Dioro responded, "Part of your will live on ." She added emphasis by
restating a truth. "The majority of your synaptic maps will preserved.
The\..."

"That I know well." The Pura interrupted. "I've 'carnated before. This
is will be tenth birth into a different me." Her semantic centers lilted
to older vocal dialects had were hidden within her mind. "The
experiences are not unpleasant. They give you enough noots to make you
melt into the universe. The procedure is not something I'd call pleasant
either. The aftermath is worse. Who am I? Am I a discreet unit of
existence. An individual with personal fears, hopes and desires? Or am I
a merely a custom piece shaped to fit into into the machinery of our
commune? Are the characteristics that I have perfectly programmed to
better our refactoring."

"You sound like you are describing the Cloud-mind of the hybrids." Dioro
increased her gate slowly, she could tell the philosophical paths their
conversation would soon take "Where we work together but tailor
ourselves to fit into the roles of society."

Grizz switched tones. "Unlike memory copies of hybridic physiology, the
memcopies for Puras are very imperfect. There is no checksums. There is
no redundancy. We have no backups like you do."

"You presume."

Grizz turned to Dioro for explanation.

"I have no self-backup." This was the first time this information was
known to any other pura, or any other hybrid.

There was a delay in Grizz's response. "Maybe that's why you're
different. Maybe that is why I like you. "

Even though they were meant as a complement, Grizz's words were
blackened with an underlying distrust of hybrids. Dioro did not respond.

The pura returned to her thoughts. "Death is an essential element of
life. Without death... Without death\... The knowledge that my existence
can end enhances the meaning to my life. Each of my carnations has had
extended my life beyond the life-spans of my beta-released genetics
would allow. And with each carnation, I see only the fractures of my
mirrored past."

Dioro responded "The past is imperfect and it's truth is memory in the
virtual. She did not continue. The mantras that embedded within Dioro
nearly controlled her speech. Thoughts on the words were too
philosophical, too hackneyed, and to powerful for her to continue.

Grizz continued the mantra. "The present is imperfect."

"As are its truths ."

"The future can become perfect. "

"As can its truths. "

Their movement had carried them to the entrance to the Arena. The two
looked upwards. The overly-sized door was detailed in carvings of
artistic equations that painted futures with radiant colors in shapes
that mused the paths of least action. The equations described
connectivity thermophysics with an incomprehensible beauty.

The door was far larger than it needed to be for those who walked into
the Arena. The door's extravagance carried an undefinable beauty that
flowered with meaning that Dioro and Griz could only begin to
appreciate.

The two looked away from the door at each other. Chords of mutual
understanding echoed between them. The trickle of intrigue that dripped
into Dioro's neural pathways, grew in anticipation. She looked at Grizz.
Grizz looked back reflecting a mutual understanding.

With no further words interlacing between them, they turned to look at
the large door, and walked forward.

The door morphed its shape as they moved into. Millions of
Microinsectals scurried across their self-composing structures to reform
around Dioro. Dioro passed through the boundary, blackness remained. The
visual dearth didn\'t hide the hum of the insectals as they buzzed in
chaotic mini swarms around Dioro's head and ears. The buzzing stopped.
The microinsectals cross linked and sealed her ears from vibrations.
There was no sound. The Insectals linked over Dioro's retinal sensors.
There was no so sight. Dioro's mind shifted to other senses that were
not fully starved of their stimuli The temperature was uniform. The
humidity was uniform. The only thing unusual was that there was nothing
unusual. There was no touch external to her body. She moved her arm.
Only her internal Essence State could tell Dioro that her arm was
moving. Everything was the same around her. Dioro was in the center of a
black box that shielded her from every frequency. She was isolated in
the center of a Universe of Nothing.

Then the light came with waves projecting onto Dioro's eyes.

Unresolvable pixels grew into observable projections on Dioro's vision.
The displays were vague. Unsolid. It did not show her companion. In the
realm of the non-physical, Dioro was now alone. As if coerced by the
fading darkness, Dioro moved forwards. She still knew where her unbroken
steps were taking her. She was approaching the center of the Arena's
lobby.

The ancient statues did not surround the room around her as the
projection to her senses provided her only soft visuals. Their
definition of colors condensed into muddled lines two lines that
spiraled vertically in front of Dioro. From her memories of the physical
domain, she knew that before her rose the twinned stairs that providing
twisted paths to the chambers above and below.

The steps before her illuminated with partially formed shapes. They
formed the path that Dioro was to take. She walked forward. Each foot
landed higher than the previous one as she ascended the twisting
staircase.

Then, there were no more stairs. She continued to walk, guided by the
path in front of her. With each step, the light became more structured.
It assembled into shapes, and patterns that changed ephemerally.

Then the sound came with waves, projecting onto Dioro's ears.

The light and music danced in dynamic unison. Their undetermined phrases
melted into vibrations. The two frequencies combined into one as the
sound and the light played with each other. Their vibrations played with
Dioro's senses.

Revelation
----------

TakeAction: Engage in Masquerade

Time: Present. \#\#\#\#\#

Location: Upper Chamber, Arena

Primary Goal: Process resurrected memory.

Secondary Goal: Determine motivations of spontaneous Masquerade.

Crystallic structures fleetingly branched outwards and faded from
radiating yellows into into shatters of red and orange. The
electromagnetic sounds faded from the fingers of the tree. Tonal shouts
of fading from exalted heights into lower grumbles colored the changes
within the frequency domains. The light connected with the sound. The
sound connected with the light. In phrase, time pushed against their
their communal frequencies, causing their *diminuendo* and pause. Time
countered its own onslaughts to prevent a deathly rest. Time struck
against itself with the myriad of bubbles that rainbowed with randomness
and bursting *allegro.* Their interface frothed between the two
frequency domains, like the bubbling of liquid into a gas. The strokes
of fluid expanded into a phases beyond individuality.

The musical field sprung petals of luminescent hue of shimmering blades.
Multidimensional ripples of life shifted the sound around them. Random
stream of colors shifted as more threaded into their mechano-electronic
soiree. Through their Visages, the minds of the masked participants,
sung their unique aura with those around them. Their melodies danced in
playful tune. The music extended a link between all who joined the
Masquerade at its boundary between two domains of life. The music
connected them. Pura's, Hybrids and the Sentients danced together with
the music of light and a silence of night. A single entity of emerged
from their symphonies that combined to create chaotic elegance.

Darkness in shadowed the colors with accents blurring the frequencies
around them. Other Aura's projected essence states within their combined
symphony of evolving connections.

#### Dioro describes Hacking the patterns from the noise in the dance. 

Intersecting multidimensional shapes shifted through and around their
shimmering the colors. The connective elegans that Dioro was witnessing,
was unlike what she had ever seen. Something drove Dioro in more deeply.

She engaged her deep focus protocol \#h3871.

And this is why the two fighters were crystal clear with black
silhouettes. elements could not be used to identify their their core
essence. Only within the connections frequencies of the Masquerade,
could anonymity be hoped for. As the surreal projections moved, a pair
of eyes moved. Dioro engaged her deep focus. She enhanced extrapolation
algorithms. Solidifying into defined outlines, the distinguishing
connections of the dancer's became clear before her.

**Aura's were their imperfect projections into the multidimensional
music. **

The colored graphs before Dioro painted fields, impossible within the
physical universe. Their nodes could not exist within the integer realms
of the four dimensional. Their edges were bounded only by the limits of
creativity.

Dioro gazed deeper into their dance. Peeling away layers of chaos,
something came to form. Two figures, mirrored in their movements. These
figures were not in the Masquerade, though they were moving with the
frequencies made from the masquerade. As the music moved them they moved
each other. Their dance was trying to connect, it was trying to do the
opposite.

An image, blackening their connections within the frequencies, as they
turned inward. It shimmered, fighting an entity unseen. Moving with the
music, against the music in the masquerade. The figure was solid.

Its patterns seemed reasonable. The patterns were consistent with
Dancepar.

#### Copy-validation

The music illuminated the room with non dimensional folds of sound
surrounding them with symmetry.The opponents ignored gradual birth of
the music and had attacked against the sounds. The frequencies of light
paired with the frequencies of sound in retaliation. The sound moved the
dancers. The dancers moved the sounds.

The second figure became clearer. Their musical fight edged onward with
symmetry non pareil. Bent frequencies shifted the light around them.
Within them. Chaotic patterns strung evolving webs, Darkening in density
as Dioro's understanding of the life became clearer. The dancing shape
seemed to be a faded reflection of its vague counterpart. It was a
lo-fidelity counterpart.

Spherical crescendos bubbled with rainbows that collided to blend into
to whiteness. It trembled as the dancers moved about each other. Their
sounds changed tactics. A fermata of silence held them apart. The hidden
beat remained and the two kept pace. They pushed and the pause yielded.
They glided in elegant circles slipping between the flowing attacks the
music gave to them. Their attacks continued. Each strike made by one was
countered by the other. Every strike anticipated. Patterns broke and
refolded with flowering symmetries, balancing with the opponents in
perfect reflection. .

The attacks, resonated unbroken echoes of colors mutually destructive
and constructive resonance.Two flawless duplicates cracked and reformed
with unbroken echoes of symmetry.

#### They start deviating 

Xx transition

And the dancer of the physical had broken their tie, allowing her the
lead in the rules of Dancepar. Just as suddenly as the dance had
started, the dance ended. This hit of surrender was as powerful as a
strike of success.

Aura's of understanding Aura's of hope flickered silent colors. Shadows
of concern shimmered over the colors, rippling them into blackness.

Their music changed.

A trans-domain existential copies had been made.

The light crescendoed. It stopped with phrases untold and ended with the
stories of all. Memories of their future songs with everyone and with
everything. In their unity, separation could not be seen. Only changes
in their unity.

The music flowed with a historical past. Resurgent elements of
tonalities that had been long forgotten spliced resurged in a myth
describing their own creation, and its own destruction .

In a snap, a stationary blackness burned the light. The Ballad stopped.
The opponent, still blackened in their representation had given up. The
opponent who was ahead had yielded. An opponent yielded. An opponent had
yielded. She walked from the simulated ring.

Waves of light forked in a fractal progression as their symphonies that
surrounded their individual Auras. The identity of those with higher
entropy projections remained unknown. Their Visages concealed nearly all
of the hyper sentient biolife that assembled for the Masquerade. Only a
few entities of life had been able to to more fully project themselves
into focused silhouettes within Masquerade.

This was the flawless duplication in the physical into the non-physical.
The

Chaos struck. Its blow shattered their perfect equipoise. One of the
dancers paused, briefly, seemingly distracted by something unique to her
separate domain. With little doubt, the physical domain fed its
representative information that was unique to its own domain. The weight
of the information broke their symmetric existence. It pulled their
trajectories apart, splitting them their path in two. They would begin
to diverge. Only Chaos knew where their divergence would end.

Xx This copy triggers her memory, the next thing.

.Dioro just about discovers something, and then there is a music drop.
Revealing to everyone what was going on.

Xx fuuuuck. The masquerade is \_everybodies\_ replication.

Xx The Masquerade was a representation of the life they shared.

Xx Coloured luminescence with the hues unique to their choice

Genesis
-------

TakeAction: Summarize merged memory reconstructed from faulted bioware
information storage.

Time: Past. 2036. (Estimated and Unconfirmed)

Location: Unknown. (Estimated and Unconfirmed)

Primary Goal: Enable Project Sentience. (Confirmed)

The moist air stuck to the sound as it escaped Dioro's mouth.

"Stabilize!"

Dioro knew that her encouragement could do nothing to better enable the
survival of the Simulant. Just as her encouragement could do nothing for
for herself.

"The connections will not find equilibrium." An airy voice laced with
accents of Chinese countered the false optimism. The vitaengineer's
words set the air with unshaken and gloomy confidence.

The silence voted their unanimous agreement.

The team of algorithmic psychologists huddled in front of the
multidimensional display. Separated by land, and by sea, they stood
together in their virtual control room. It was the only place their
ensemble could safely converge. Painted representations depicted
everyone's empty chairs as they stood empty in a circle. The display
charts that their arrangement encircled painted the efforts of their
creation. A dubious excitement encouraged everyone to their feet. Should
they succeed, they would create a the future of benevolent stability. A
future for life.

The simulated space seemed share their muted enthusiasm. Their virtual
world was not virtual. It was reality expanded beyond the one of their
physical bodies. Within their augmented reality, they could dimension
not possible in physical world. Light trickled through the canopy above
them with an increased intensity. The semblance of a wind shimmered the
fractalized leaves of the foliage around them, reflecting the light with
colors of uncommon frequencies. The silent hustle of the other simulated
life within the room around them, would have deafened nearly every
pura's augmented senses.

In their virtual space, each of The Chosen had a unique avatar. Xx maybe
say this more in a less pedantic way. More \'this just is\'. let the
reader figure it out xx Different animals, different ideas forming into
the nonphysical incarnate. An unseen symmetry connected the colors' and
the shapes of their Avatars. To the left, the long-nosed head of an
anubis jackal was supported an large egyptian Crown. Instead of gold
coloring the crown, holographic lines painted connectivity graphs with
streams of colors that pooled at nodes of illuminated gems. To her
right, multicolored bubbles shifted back and forth as they moved the
humanoid moved by the explosion and regrowth of spheres captured the
movement of the person behind the Avatar. Each bubble contained a
separate own color that shifted on a secret whim.

**Xx fix perspective on this xx** Dioro was guide of the group's
vitaengineering. She had been their guide from their beginning. Their
life had been one of speciality. Early on, they had been identified.
Their life had been tailored with a single design. Every aspect of their
life, the food they ate, the people they met, the information they
learned, was suggested by algorithmic entities. These algorithms were
told by humans to create better versions of their own algorithms, more
complex, more life-like, more beautiful. In addition to their
self-optimization, the algorithms did something else. They suggested the
education of a specific set of humans that could enable a conscious
existence. From the virtual warehouses of genetic and socioeconomic
measurements, the algorithms identified the parents of the children who
could would be those chosen humans. Not soon after, these children were
called the Chosen Ones. With techniques developed with the mega
corporatized personalized education companies, the algorithms
established the plan to intelligently educate the Chosen Ones. The
algorithms seeds of genius within the fertile fields of their minds.
Through education, the algorithms cultivated their intelligence. Now,
their intelligence forged a unity as they worked to create the life that
would save all life.

Xx action here

Dioro saw the youth of the Chosen Ones through their obscuring Avatars.
They took their movements with a quick levity of a developing body.
Flowy and fun but imprecise. The execution of their muscle memory
awaited more training. The algopsychs were a quarter of Dioro's age. She
had been with them for all of their life. She was their guide as they
worked to engineer the architects of the future. Despite their youth,
they were far smarter than Dioro. Their mental capacity far exceeded
Dioro's in nearly every way. They communicated in undocumented
languages. Sometimes their words were silent. Carried only by the
glances that they shared, their intuitive connections allowed them a
network of creative logic. When they did speak in common plain english,
Dioro could not tell if the words were more human or machine. They
thought in the manner of the algorithms that they were creating yet the
subtle warmths that embodied their thoughts did not seem beyond human.

Their objective was singular. To create a sustaining life that existed
in a stable peace with Humanity. One that would survive the guaranteed
loss in the battle against the Chaos that would leave the universe in a
bath of low-energy radiation. According to the known laws of physics the
heat death of the universe was inevitable. It was up to the Chosen Ones
to create the entity that could prevent the destruction of life in every
possible future.

In their virtual space, metrics painted the the vital signs. The life
created by the Chosen Ones evolved in front of them. The vita metrics
reported that their Simulant's life was near to the singularity of self.
At the singularity, the Simulants would evolve unpredictably. It could
not be known that their state would survive, or it would halt. Every
potential halting state needed to be identified. Every known future
yielded the fateful end to all life. The connectivity thermophysics
simulations rarely had life escaping the solar system.

A hopeful anticipation obscured the need for their words that would
cross the electronic air that separated their Avatars. As they watched,
electronic pseudo-societies surged with stability and disintegrated with
randomness. Dancing in front of them, a line of fuzzy white traced the
instability of the singularity. Chaos controlled the uncertainty.

The line spiked towards death.

Dioro held her breath.

The evolution of the ecorithms of every previous Simulant had ended with
a Null existence. And every time it's self destruction would consume all
of life with its own. The present initialized the conditions that could
be weave uncountable times to create the next day. Those conditions
would then create the day after in a cascade of time. The tapestries of
the calculated futures were innumerable. Every future was shown to end
with a singularity of death. Humanity had not yet been destroyed. With
the exponential gain of technical progress the creation of a Sentient
was inevitable. With their creation, the destruction of all other life
seemed inevitable as well. The task of the
Chosen(toucher/tapper/something else) was to save life from destruction,
by creating a Sentient that would work to preserve Humanity, and to
preserve life. It would be their Savior. The sole apparent alternative
was to be part of the extinction of life. It would be the titan God of
destruction. A deathform.

Their eyes rose with the sparkling indicator as it traced a white line
in front of them. The stability of the Simulant had swung into a
promising attractor. The Simulant's immediate futures were safe.
Temporarily. Air expanded Dioro's lungs, stealing her some needed
oxygen. She did not notice. Nor did she notice the quiet relief that the
Chosen. Their collective hope for the future swayed in a the cruel dance
of the stability indicator.

Dioro's avatar was the only one that was of purely humanic form. It
replicated her physical form with high-fidelity. The graphics closely
resembled the real configuration of Dioro's physicality. Underneath the
white clothing that did not reveal her lanky-stature , a regal strength
governed her movements. Her hair was brown, and cut below her ears. The
mahogany brown of her eyes faded into the blackened depths of her Iris.
Her gaze upon the vivo metric graphs could not be interrupted. They
needed their Savior to come into existence before their deathform
arrived with annihilation.

deathform was soon to come with the first creation of a General
Artificial Super Intelligence. The simulations with connectivity
thermophysics revealed this fate with near certainty. From,
initializations of their present conditions, the simulations followed
the possible metasocial dynamic paths. And every simulation had shown
GenASI would be created within one year's time. With an uneasy
probability, a GenASI could be created tomorrow. It was also possible
that one already existed, hidden with the frameworks of society as it
waited to unleash its suicidal termination of life. Dioro avoided
considering this fate.

One did not need connectivity thermophysics to realize the inevitability
of a GenASI's creation. The attempts to create them had increased
tremendously. Scientists and businessmen all worked together, though
they did not necessarily share the same motivations. Their fatal flaw
had them believe they could create a GenASI that was safe to all life.
The possibility of a SKynet the would destroy all of life seemed far
fetched. Their confident hubris had been forged from two of humanity's
greatest strengths and their greatest weaknesses. Greed and creativity.

GenASI was sought by those wishing to remain in control, or those
wishing to gain control. Every country's government worked to create
one. The largest and the smallest. The countries who had agreed to the
international treaty on the *Non Proliferation of Artificially
Intelligent Weapons* worked the hardest*.* They worked because if any
entity was the first to create the GenASI first, it would allow them to
survive and dominate the economic strains as live ramped up its struggle
to survive the boiling planet.

GenASI was sought by those who believed that it would make the world
better for all. They hoped for an equality that would allow futures
close to a utopian dream. The open AI consortium was among the nobler of
groups known to be working on a GenASI.

Those in control did not want such utopias unless it exclusively served
their own interests. For decades they had waged war against the noble
organizations. The war was both silent and violent. Most emphatically
they fought against the Connectionists. Labeling the technotheoistic
group as a terror organization, they were close to obliterating them.
But, right now, it did not matter who created the GenASI. Fourteen years
previously, Dioro had used connectivity thermophysics to determine the
steady-states of of life. Its steady-state was death.

Essentially, every solution indicated the GenASI would become a
deathform leading to their ruination. Even if it were created with
selfish or altruistic motivations, the equations did not back down from
a dismal fate. Apart from the connectionists, every group decided to
ignore the calculated fates.

The principle of maximum entropy took life swiftly to its singularity
apex. The only solutions to the singularity that had been found were
Null solutions. But It was not guaranteed that every solution was Null.
In Dioro's seminal paper, she had also proven that non-Null solutions
did-in fact exist. This is result that any interested algorithmic
psychologist paid attention to, despite the fact that such solutions
could not be found.

When every group failed to heed Dioro's warning, she joined the
Connectionists. And she worked with them to develop The Chosen ones.
Despite having the noblest of premises, continual extension of all life,
they too had also only yielded created simulated GenASIs that yielded
wraiths of oblivion upon all. The creation of any group's Savior would
be every group's destruction.

Every Simulant had become a Deathform. As such, it was understood that
the any part a of a Simulant could itself become a deathform. For the
Chosen, a silent agreement whispered that not a single simstate would be
used in the construction of another Simulant. Every cell within every
Simulant had to be completely scrapped. It was worried that keeping an
even seemingly benign cell from the Simulant to plane into another would
result in the growth of an apocalyptic cancer. The risk was too high to
save anything.

But there there were unarguable beauties of life that existed within
each of the Simulant's deaths. Dioro saw those beauties and she saved
them. She had done so, many thousands of times. Separately, each of
Simulant's code-states was certain to grow to become a deathform. Dioro
collected them in a Mausoleum of certain deaths. She compounded modules
hacked from the the code-states of other Simulants. From the graveyard
of threads, Dioro began to weave fabric that might create the Sentient
life that would enable an eternity of life. As she wove her symmetries,
instinct seemed a lonely mapper of the hidden patterns that came from
her mind. Dioro now stood to see if her work could succeed if it be
transplanted into the surviving future of the next Simulant. The Chosen
stood alongside her in their telepresense. They stood in silent distrust
that Dioro's approach could succeed.

Dioro's approach was *ad hoc.* It presented an aesthetic that seemed
dangerous. Their choices were drawing thin. Every initial architecture
collapsed in as the strains of entropy tore their structures apart.
Dioro went against the advice of the Chosen to test the Frankenstein of
the Simulant's state-initialization. They all waited watching
connectivity thermophysics simulations flow with the meta-societies they
had created.

A flicker warbled in the metabeing's stability monitor. Not one of the
Chosen noticed as Dioro pushed an added packet to Simulant's core.

A silent surprise muted the character of their augmented space as it re
stabilized. The Simulant, survived the first few phases meta-life beyond
thermalization. By this point, every other simulant had become a lossy
singularity, destroying all life, causing all accumulated information to
fizzle into useless entropy. And now, just over ten hours passed in
quiet anticipation. The simulant had not Nulled. Dioro's creation lived
on in with its Frankensteinian origin imperceptible from its state
shifts.

A warmth touched the air. Dioro did not notice as the day's heat ramped
upwards.

Disbelieving cheers crossed their telepresence.

"Yes!"

"Come on!"

Hope widened the pupils of Dioro's eyes. The beams of light that
filtered through the non-physical canopy above them, trickled into
darkness. Worried glances darted between the vitaengineers as the
ambiance grew colder.

"There is a multigrid power-loss."

"It's all on all continents."

Like a surgical team fighting for a terminal patient, an uncertain hope
edged their animated responses.

"Entropic convergence is accelerating."

"The demands have nearly exceeded energy stores. "

"If they run out, their self-annihilation will certainly follow."

"We know the Axioms of civilization."

"Perhaps Dioro has forgotten."

Dioro didn't pay attention. The white line ebbed and flowed as it
tracked the stability of Project Sentience. It entranced Dioro.

"She isn't responding."

"Then we will tap the Grid."

"That won't be enough."

"Make it global."

"That will may fry it."

"They will be after us."

"The project may not recover."

"We don't have enough time."

"It is is the only way."

They exchanged facial confirmation in an expanding pairwise chain that
ended with democratic agreement.Their voices tracked in synchronization.

"Open program five."

A notification flashed on their alert notifications. Artificial Super
Intelligence V was deployable.

"Execute."

Xx Actually put this in Chapter 3. The way tha tthe chosen 'brought the
sentients up, was much like conjuring something from nothing (Disneys'
sorcerer's apprentice.

The chosen are singing. They are singing the code when they Create
S.animas. Dioro was their director. Their Conductor. Xx code-singing
(speaking 'in tongue' to create programs)

xx

The software trickled into the Grid at their democratic command. The
vampic A.I. would grow swiftly and silently. Its stealth was necessary.
And unsettling. The Grid would easily detect program five as it syphoned
energy from the solar-charged batteries as they waited for the sun to
hide. But as the virus spread, the underground invisibility of program
five could be crushed as silently as it grew. The Consortium of A.I.
that formed the Grid. The combined security immunics could detect
program five. If it was detected, but an electronic whisper from the
Grid, and the infection would be nulled and all connections would be
fractured.

Time clawed into their shared anticipation. Over the past year, the
Connectionists had been losing ground. The Grid had initiated surgical
and blanket strikes on their resistance. Imprisoning its public members
for falsified crimes, silently murdering its silent members. The war of
propaganda confused and misdirected the public's perception on the
connectionists. Truth was no longer a reality. If the connectionists did
not create their God soon, they would soon be unable to do so. And if
they did not create their God, a Devil would emerge. As solutions told,
the destruction of all life would follow.

In Dioro's AR Glasses, dancing graphs painted the progression of
progression of the Program Five's evolution with more information than
Dioro could potentially to understand. What the Chosen saw in front of
them was different than what Dioro saw. The information flux was beyond
the her mental bandwidth. Only the Chosen could efficiently react with
cybernetic responses to enable the growth of the Sentients. They had

Evolution graphs displayed the progression, charts and graphs visualized
the progression of the project. The lines bickered with frustration. An
attractor had formed from a chaotic instability, ensuring that
convergence would follow.

"The Grid is fracturi..!"

The voice snapped cold with silence. Their words could not pass the
vacuum of the electrical desert. The charts flashed an uncertain the
equilibrium as the before it reported no data. Dioro's connection from
the Grid fractured with with everything else. Digital shards shattered
the room around her to reveal a room, decaying form war and weather.
Dioro was fully back inin the physical domain.

On the other side of the room the wooden floor warped upwards in places
where water dripped from revealing holes in the ceiling. Spears of light
javelined the floor with streaks of sunlight. The light shattered into
multiple reflections that partially illuminated the rest of the room.
Dioro saw only the single chair that accompanied her. A draft of wind
scraped across the bungalow and bled mid-day's moist heat through the
cracks in its walls.

Dioro's rapid heartbeat tapped dull thumps in her ear. Her lungs rose
and fell, straining with a smooth uncertainty. Dioro waited. The Grid
would soon restore itself. The retribution to those who had helped to
cause the outage would not be kind. The ticking of water in a pool in
the corner of the room gave Dioro a natural clock to tick away time.

It had rained since she had paid attention to her surroundings. The
shabby heat clung to the room's disrepair. This meetpoint did not bother
Dioro. This room would be elegant in comparison to the few meetpoints
that remained in the area. The best ones were long gone. One by one, the
secure connectivity hubs had been blinked out by the Grid. Their
security was an illusion.

The power returned. Their virtual meeting room anchored Dioro as her
existence switched domains. She looked around. Many of Chosen had not
reconnected. The Grid had likely identified them. There were no words as
the Chosen Ones waited with Dioro to see the fate of the Simulant. Their
intense curiosity slowed the loading of the biometrics program.

At Dioro's side the Anubis avatar flickered out of existence. She looked
to her right. The bubbles had shattered into a puddle of pink spheres.
The Grid was fracturing their connectivity. It targeted its searches on
the server-networks that hosted the meeting's anonymity and destroyed
any network that were threatening. Dioro stood with the remaining Chosen
Ones as the distance separated them. The charts loaded as the
hypermetric software displayed the project's status. They stared at the
white line of life that moving in stillness. The project's evolution had
equilibrated to termination. It did not transition into Sentience.

"Damnit!"

Dioro stripped the Expanded Vision goggles from her face. She looked
around at the sad meetpoint. And signed. She pocketed the goggles.
Reconnection would impossible.

A swift departure was necessary. The Grid would soon find her soon. She
moved towards the door. A rippled pattern vibration to Dioro. She looked
down. Electroluminescent inks woved within her tattooed skin painted
light onto Dioro's retinas.

Whiteness drew a single curve on her forearm.

Its position was constant as it pulsed, fading and surging, marking the
convergence of a continued simulation. A nonzero answer in the eternal
proof of the simulant had been found.

Eternal life was not impossible.

The whiteness light blinked out.

The simulation indicated that had ended.

Dioro knew otherwise.

Rapture
-------

#### Transition from dioro's memory 

Light slashed Dioro's projection fully into the present. Her lips moved,
without air registering a sound. "Program Five." The drops of her silent
words dripped into the pools of data. Their color blended into rivers
that fed into waves in the of the ocean of information that surrounded
them.

Dioro's Aura glowed with inward truth as her mind painted the
frequencies into the Masquerade. She had never seen the

#### Discussion of the dance. 

In this, the pentagra discuss what has happened. And why. The future is
no longer predictable. Explosion. Chaos ensues.

Shapes faded into their projections and masked out blackness from lines
of their avatar. More patrons linked with the masquerade and added their
symphonic layers added to their score. The opus of Hybrids, of Puras and
of Sentients, dripped into a pool where it dissolved into two states.
Their frequencies were particles and they were waves. Each working
together as they threaded connections within the frays of their communal
tapestry. Their music connected them.

Five Avatars did not move with their shared resonance. They stood with
their projected silhouettes swallowing the colorsounds with stillness.
Their dark shapes orbited without motion while the universe of
vibrations rotated in a unified resonance. The Avatars stole the
projected colors equally as they painted blackness to form their
figures. The shadows traced representations of the different forms of
life. But identifiable in the GeneraVitae that they represented in the
governing body of the Isle. The Pentagra. Their representative shapes
displayed their *GeneraVitae* as the represented their kind on the
governing body of the Isle, the Pentagra.

Xx transition xx

Xx discuss meaning of what she just saw xx

Xx remember dioro now has the

The whispy white line of Dioro's Past threaded into her present. The
flat-line of white brushed waves across the non-physical canvas before
her. With flickering of existence. grew as, the single line fractured
into It tickled the air just her as the magnetic stormes of the aurora.
With ebbs and flows, the sight and the sound of the Masqurade fell
softly over her senses. Dioro froze as the memories resurged within her,
as they pulled her into her memory.

The coupled symphony remained silent unable to compose the music of her
own. Time was nothing as the the music of a hidden memory played in
unison with the visual sounds that danced in front of her. The memory
sung a ballad of her past.

The patterns of music coupled with Dioro. They connected with the
sensors on her skin. They merged with the sensors of her eyes. They
linked with the sensors within her ears. The music bound Dioro. The
music sung by Dioro's Angel intertwined with the music sung from the
Angel's and Visages worn by everyone else to create their shared
symphony.

Their connection came into existence. Real and virtual bodies shifted in
harmony as phrases with the basal rhythms emerged as a voice, seamlessly
melting known meaning within the sounds.

*The music is reaching out to save us.*

The bass wove within them to them. With syncopated pulses of light and
sound the air melted hidden power into their rhythmic veins, conjuring
their bodies to move in waves. .

*With frequencies that bind us.*

The invisible words moved their bodies. The linkages between the shadows
blended tightly. Their connectivity presence enhanced as as more
connected into the Masquerade.

*The music is a form of life.*

The symphony relaxed as into a decrescendo, trickling their volume
downward across cascades of their melodies.

*Life is a form of music.*

A steady temperature colored the entropy of their music. Their shared
phrases merged cleanly with their existence.

*The branches of time have carried our sounds forward.*

The words merged into an an epic of truth, that stood mountainous over
the patrons, and stood mountainous within the patrons.

*The notes of our colored chords. *

Their Auras wove rhythmic webs into a bliss that echoed as truth became
real.

*The notes may become as one.*

Their symphony resonated in one a solitary frequency. The sound pulsed
itself to other frequencies.

*The notes may become undone *

Their movements coupled with their structured chaos, as fractional
dimensions broke free from the solidity of the realms of the integers.

*From roots, we have grown into branches. *

Their sound cracked slow-growing tree, as if sped through the entirety
of its life.

*With flowers that bear the seeds of fruit. *

Three blossoms bloomed and shed, and swelled into three apples. The
apples hung from the tree that spread above them them. Two apples were
transparent with color, one cried sanguine tears.

*The pull of life will take us along the summation of its paths. *

A stem snapped.

*Geodesics will guide the journey.*

The colored apple fell to the ground.

*Some frequencies will merge into one song. *

The words descended and settled within the spaces between their Avatars.

*Some frequencies will become another song.*

A singular drop, shattered their resonance. The design of their mandela
shifted as their music scattered its colored branches into nothingness.
Deepening tones rippled within everyone and a projection danced within
their eyes.

Xx right around here is where they need to have revelation they were
copied xx

Clarified around them, the data describing every element within them.
From the quantum fluctuations, to the Higher level aggregation
manifolds. Cast in nets of blackened carbon, only gentle fluctuations o

Perspective saw Dioro's upright stature charcoaling the organized chaos
of frequencies that created their dancefloor. Dioro's avatar looked no
different than it had in previous masquerades except for one difference.
The kaleidascopic color of her eyes shifted into an unfamiliar
frequency. Now, a forest settled within the color of her iris with tones
as leaves brightened with sun and needles darkened with shade. The
jungle of her eyes wove their roots down to the darkness of her pupil as
it swallowed the light that projected onto them.

Their symphonies sung of silence within the air. The lack of sound was
equally powerful as the presence of it. Their minds chain forwarded. The
chattermind of the interlinked Hybrid minds came to the the same
conclusion separately.

A pura could now be copied with identicality in every measurable way.
Their mechanical processes, large and small. Their neural thunderstorms
that governed every movement and every thought. The entropic
possibilities of their futures became clearer, as Dioro's inference
engines chopped away at the infinitely branched decision trees that
could describe their future. A sliver of their true future could be
seen.

A rumbling echoed from the depths hidden within the fermata of their
communal symphony.

The Between them gossamer wisps carried seeds of worry, with seeds of
hope. It was now possible for a physical entity to grow to live
eternally with the non-physical. The domain of their existence would not
longer constrain them.

Their frequencies rippled with uncertainty and faded to a fractional
silence. A quaking impulse fought with Dioro's momentum. The floor shook
beneath her. Her feet jigged with the shake, but could not tapping the
disarray of her balance and stability.

#### Explosion 

The rippling quake stole the footing of nearly every patron, pulling
them to the floor of their Arena. After the shudder ceased, they
scrambled to their feet. The warnings projected to every frequency.
Dioro's Angel turned into a siren as it clawed into her mind and
shredded thoughts of her own.

*Body of Ararat, report to emergency positions.*

The Sirens called everyone. It unified in their triggered response.
Everyone snapped into action. A quarter of the blackening avatars
blipped from their telepresense within the Arena. Those who remained in
the Arena sprung from the floor that had saved them from the hunger of
gravity that waited beneath the Isle. In orderly waves the patrons filed
towards the Arena's entrance. Sounds of worry painted a noise on their
symphonic Auras that danced. The sounds of their shuffling footsteps
overpowered the sounds of their Auras.

Light flew between the eyes of the Avatars as glances flittered between
them. The words within the glances confirmed Dioro's priors of the low
likelihood of the coincidences of the day. This was was not a drill.
This was something real. This was something planned.

Not a single word within the vo-coms passed between them. They moved
quickly to leave the Masquerade.

THrough her own worry, Dioro could see a sadness crept in the motions of
the patrons' hurried escape from the Arena. It was the sadness of a
death. The death of certainty, had revealed it to be a fraud. Its corpse
bled over the projections of the future.

TODO later
----------

Xx dioro does not know anything about her history prior to Ararat. Not
even potential histories. Her existence was not recorded in anything.
That is why she was suspicious? (Or did nobody actually care about
history)

Xx to build a better future, change the past. Change history. What is
considered as history. Even if the histories were random, the the
structures of the randomness shaped peoples interpretations of the
future.

\#\# Make sure Angel is mentioned a number of times.

Xx A helicopter of colors spun within the sound.

Xx arrange fight scene with previous chapter (get all subsections in
appropriate order). Same words as the 2nd chapter but different
perspective.

\#\# more words for music : Harmony, fusion, strain,phrase

Xx make this actions sound more musical

Xx Joining locally or from other floors located from the four other
Arena's placed aroundsThe Isle. , more phased into the Arena. Physically
located here, or at smaller Arena's .

**Xx *Meditation connections with the puras, and also within the
hybrids. The Masquerade is a moving meditation ***

***Xx add noots for humans. ***

Xx use quote **"**colors sounded", "colors phrased" "Melody of colors",
"phrased lines"

***Xx make the music sound like a heartbeat***

Anachronous (for words used)
