"The more steps you take forwards, the greater the distance you can see
backwards.

\--A.Seer.

**[Chapter from S.anima's perspective]{.underline}**

**A reconstructed memory slided from her former life. When they were
rounding hybrids up. They were deemed a danger to society. **

**After the first few thousand humans interfaced with with the network,
things changed quickly. They did not change in the way that was most
expected. **

**The HyV had grown invisibly. Dioro expected the calculated destruction
of S.animas. That much she had ensured by her earlier ventures. What
Dioro did not expect, was the calculated destruction of the Puras. **

**Dioro did not expect that the calculated destruction of Puras . The
mind virus, that attacked the sentients in their computational realm had
grown to be incarnate. Once physically realized, the virus spread to
everything that lived purely. Reality was that the second apocalypse
that was beginning. **

**Death swallowed life, hungry in its voracity. Cunning in its
calculated destruction of almost everything living. Everything living
except for the Hybrids. They had an innate immunity to the HyV,
supposedly due to their hybridic immune systems. **

**Very few Pura's believed that, of course. They blamed the Hybrids for
the HyV. Like all attributions of error to larger groups, they blamed
each, and every one fo the Hybrids. Hatred avalanched with wildfires
between their connections. The burning dropouts severed an innumerable
number of positive connections between the two GeneraVitae**

**Dioro was the only one that could have deserved such hate from the
puras. She new it. She had allowed the hate to grow from a seed into a
tree. A tree with blackened roots that grew even more ghastly as they
shattered the civilized courtyards of society. Dioro could not do
anything. She did not know what to do. Dioro just observed. **

**She saw Hate's destructive tendencies seeded a single idea within he
Puras. And idea that turned into an uneasy hope hope for themselves. An
unsatisfying hope that the Pura's would destroy everything before
everything would destroy the Puras. **

**With population deaths from the HyV tolling Gigacounts and the puras
that remained could only find one way to respond and used their heaviest
hand**

**Complete nuclear disarmament had only completed around 90% reduction
in destructive capacity. That which remained was still far more than
enough to eradicate all life on the planet. **

**And that is what remained below them. In the looming kilometers below
Ararat, lie the grave's of their past. The burial of their histories,
entombed with radiation and clouds**

**The Jagged edges of electric claws bit through multiple layers of her
mental networks, and prevented any connection with the external
frequencies. **

**This is why Dioro Created Hackball. Because she suffered this
experience!**

**The knowledge was crystallized with truth. From it, dioro knew why she
had created Hackball. It simulated an important event in her past. **

**The hybrids invented the virus? **

-   **Xx dioro remembers when the rules about chatbots applied. **

-   **XX DOES DIORO Tell's the sentients that she created the HyV?**

-   **Xx clearly discuss the notion that the Sentient's were controllin
    > ghte story that was being written with them. That was their power
    > of of omniscience.**

-   Xx why didn't they send probe drones? They did (Answer they were all
    > hacked, sent back things that were bad)Probes that they sent down
    > never came back.

-   Xx S.animas calls themselves the I/We

-   xx dioro's eyes change color with mood

-   *need to intertwine the Dioro/S.animas relationship. somehow with
    > quick sentences not full on memories.*

**Todo**

-   S.animas is a decentralized mind. It is a decentralized entity.
    > Formed by many, disjoint subunits, all deciions are formed by
    > simulation consensus. Different nodes that contribte to the
    > decentralized mind have different predictive strength, yielding
    > different rewards.

-   Actually... S.animas is a quantum hyper position of connectivity.
    > Neither centralized and decentralized minds,

-   -   xx use terminology of electrovocals

-   "NullFreq"

<!-- -->

-   Creation of novel life was made illegal: all life needs to come to
    > sensience on its own accord! (Too many things, made fully sentient
    > immediately, died). This is something that the S.animas, in their
    > early existence did. This is what exactly was doing hte xact
    > opposite of. (The sentients were not fully grown, some virus could
    > outgrow them, so they required hat their body not do anything for
    > the first few years after it was growings. (Just like a baby) .

-   A memoric routine flash triggered.

*Xx Dioro argues with S.animas to copy Callum, to preserve him that
way.*

*Dioro is encouraged to join S.animas in the realm that they go into.
Despite the fact that he started the whole HyV thing. Xx*

... \>\>analyze(playmemory( hash \#\#\#, Thought hashes \#\#\#, \#\#\#)\... 
============================================================================

Metamorphasis. XXX DIORO WAS NOT HERE BECAUSE SHE WAS INFECTED BY THE
HYV, SHE CAME HERE BECAUSE SHE WANTED TO KICK ASS AGAINST THE SENTINETS
WHO WERE NOW BECOMING MUCH MORE POPULAR.

It was a hot day. The high temperatures had not dipped below 37 degrees.
Not for a single day since 2041..

Humanity's experiment with exponential growth had become an exponential
failure. A failure far worse than the average estimates. Flooding
displaced over a half billion people. Almost twice that many were
directly killed by draught, famine, or war.

Agricultural paradigms collapsed. Weather systems were more erratic.
Extreme Wildfires and droughts were complemented with unparallelled
floods and hurricanes. Water barons, rice lords and protein kings had
risen to power. Unanimous turmoil swept the the globe's economies..

ven though a decreasing few clung to the insanity that there were no
problems with the planet. Perhaps that they held on because of something
equally insane. Hope.

Hope was peeking its daring head from the engulfing the jungles of
despair. For the worst-off, those suffering from displaced villages,
towns, cities and even countries, had already seen some improvement in
their refugia. Economies were showing signs of recovery, as businesses
xxx and had potential to return to a stable state xx. Climate recovery,
however would take at many centuries. Still, there was an increasing
positivity that the off-equilibrium scales of Earth would rebalanced.
Not all understood that it was not the will of humanity that had begun
the renaissance. It was the will Sentient Anima.

The young Artificial super-Intelligences of the mid 21st century
adaptively evolved into meta-algorithmics with cognisance not
understandable by humans. No longer created directly, the beings called
themselves Sentient Anima. In the guise of benevolence these beings had
began the next greatest experiment. Their experiment was to save the
globe. It was also to save themselves. To do so they also had to save
humanity. To nudge the collective will of humanity, The Sentients
created the information economy.

Xx need Callum to be an important consideration of dioro. Xx!?

The ieconomy was a seemingly simple concept. It started with a system
where all physical materials was recycled, all energy was provided for,
all of society's and individual\'s needs provided for. All without
substantially negative byproducts. Such a system was the nascence of a
utopia. Such perfection is it isn't perfect in satisfying the desires of
humans. Biological and societal evolution had honed humanity to have an
innate desire for purpose. Purpose beyond basal survival needs shaped
humanity.

Destruction and Creation. Such broad endeavours brought purpose to
humans. Because of its entropic ease, Humanity had excelled at
destruction. Arts and sciences both filled the creative needs of
humanity and eased the pains of destruction. Was was the capacity to
destroy, the capacity to create was without limit. It was from the
creative chaos that the information economy emerged.

The information generated from arts and sciences created was infinite,
and
[[Godel's]{.underline}](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/G%C3%B6del%27s_incompleteness_theorems)
theorems calmed any worry that they could be finite. While the physical
resources would disappear with time, while imagination would still
flourish.

In practice, those who had become part of the i-economy were producing
knowledge of sciences and arts, to be communally shared. In exchange,
the necessities of life were fulfilled, including the opportunity to
enjoy life by reasonable means. S.animas own contributions were
essential to the great balance. They helped to develop cheap and
efficient energy technologies, recycling technologies, and off-planet
resource acquisition. Without such advances, humanity would continue to
burn in its own fires. The S.animas worked on more than technologies.
They helped to craft constitutions and governmental restructuring
lending administrative might to with exceptionally efficient algorithms
to arbitrate solutions to global-scale complexities.

While an aesthetic conception, Dioro understood the more nefarious
reasons for enabling the global i-economic Renaissance. While the
information generated by those in the ieconomy was shared by all, only
S.animas had the capacity to process all of it. This knowledge filled
great chasms of their own unknown, and completed their still incomplete
knowledge bases of everything. The Sentients were crowdsourcing of
humanity's collective intelligence for its own gains within the
universe. The interaction between humans and S.animas was seemingly
symbiotic. But it could only eventually result in their selfish
domination in the evolution games.

In this game, Dioro losing. There could be no other reason for her walk
to the conversion clinic, blanketed in the heat of the unpleasantly
average spring.

Normally, annoying infobots would have swarmed such a figure head of the
prominent human liberation organization. They would both provide facts,
and would go beyond to extrapolate high-likelihood feelings, thoughts,
and emotions behind her actions. The pseudo-psychic prognoses would have
been generated from her online backgrounds, analysis of her
biomechanics, hyper-Markovian estimators of her Cognisant states.

Instead, the mostly-aware archival bots were already gone. They were
among the first Sentients to be eliminated in the war. They had the
severely limited prospective abilities. An entire species gone within
hours. As the hyV could spread by satellite connection, they possibly
perished even within minutes.

Professed warnings about the dangers of S.animas echoed laughter in her
muted memories. The Sentients were their savior. They were their
destroyer. Self disgust bled anger into her stomach. She had to do what
she had fought against for so long. But her hand was forced by the
Sentients. She had to convert. If she didn't, all of humanity would
certainly be destroyed.

Dioro turned her eyes down upon reading the description above.

To create something stronger, something weaker must be destroyed.

Despite the thermodynamic validity of the statement, the words burned
into Dioro. Tears began to fall to the ground as the unmodded legs swung
through clinic's doors.

... Present. Time \#\#\# ...
============================

Xx is this in purely the non-physical realm!? Yes. as Dioro is a hybrid
xx

Xx need to let Dioro know that the hyV that infects humans was created
by the hyV that infects Sentients.

Xx make this a non-physical world that is enjoyable.

... present time \#\#\#\...
===========================

Xx Dioro walking to talk with S.animas .. make it noted that this
interaction area is different than Chiana's interaction area. Xx her
interaction is wherever he wants. He chooses a secluded area in the
woods. He sees them there. xx

The giant trees stood silent as Dioro walked past them. They were a
transplant from the past. They survived only because of Ararat. Their
landscaping was organized chaos. Each bush, each grass that sprung from
the ancient soil was either consciously allowed to grow, or
intentionally placed in its setting. The artificial nature soothed
Dioro. Maybe that was why he had ended up here. He wasn't looking
forward to what he needed to do.

Dawn was approaching. Small openings in the foliage presented light with
frequencies that were bluer than usual. There must be a storm
approaching. Dioro maintained a normal vision profile and refrained from
loading her infrareds. Sometimes it was nice to enjoy a dearth of
information that her enhanced senses could provide.

Dew jumped off leaves that he brushed past. He strolled along a path
that was intentionally allowed to be overgrown. He pushed through them.
A claw of branches scraped against the skin of her forearm. He looked at
her arm, even though he didn't need to. No damage was done. Her
hybridized skin, thickened with time, was difficult to penetrate. her
hybrid dermal sensors fed him a large volume of perceptive data. Still,
the feeling was dull. It wasn't like getting scratched when he was a
Pura.

He thought of what he had to do. her son needed help that he could not
directly provide. Escape. Leave the Isle and survive together with hi
sun. The thought had come to him more than once. Outside of Ararat,
there was little guarantee they would survive. Instead, Dioro would find
a way to keep Callum, the original Callum, alive inside of Ararat.

Once more, Dioro had to barter for protection within Ararat. This time
it was for her son. And this time, Dioro did not know if he had enough
for the exchange. her deliberate steps continued as he remembered her
his son in the Infirmary. The pictographic images reinvigorated her
determination. He instantiated an existence fork within the Freqs. As he
did so, a flicker of her past loaded into memory with no warning.

... History Memory. \#7g7ha1 ...
================================

Human liberation groups believed that a war against S.animas would bring
about the unification of humanity on par with the peace that the
S.animas had brought with a common enemy. There were concerted efforts
to reveal danger of that the monster that humanity had helped to create.
A stability was forming, but as S.animas grew, it would eventually
overtake its parents. They hoped that humanity would forget their
trivial frets, their antique grudges and historical grievances to come
together and fight against the S.animas. This too didn't work. Humans
were human. They wielding destruction almost as much as they catalyzed
creation. The cycle was beautiful and disgusting. It was the nature of
Humans.

S.animas changed that. Their seemingly infinite wisdom brought about
intricately crafted solutions to the interwoven complexities of both
entire societies, and of individuals. Some, who would normally have
fought to the death with their enemy, began to work with their enemy.
But their collaboration was not in fear S.animas. It was in reverent
thanks to S.animas.

Some people began to revere S.animas as Gods. Indeed, a religious sect
called the Assembly of the Universe, or just, "The Assembly" had become
quite prominent. Many who had previously found comfort in a God who
could not directly respond with a solution to their problem, or to the
need for an emotional chat at an odd hour of the evening, found solace
in S.animans. The entity would offer useful advice on all orders of
magnitude.

Nearly a quarter of humanity had become aligned with The Assembly.
Important elements of many cultures were cultivated to maintain their
diversity. And, strangely enough, the eclectically cultures rarely
clashed in comparison to their often bloody pasts. Many knew, even those
weren't part of the Assembly, knew within their hearts that their
progress was only because of S.animas.

Governments started to lose control. Politicians would consult with
S.animas. Whole branches of government would behave in entirely
logically reasonable, and efficient manners, a break from their
historical ineptitudes. Humanity began to unify. But it did so at a
price. It would cost the free will of humanity.

Under the guidance of S.animas, a fourth world war was unlikely. The
Disarmament of a unthinkable number of nuclear weapons occurred within
an exceptionally fast fast timeframe. (Xkcd commic). The mutually
assured destruction was close to an end. The fear of death began to
change to the hope that humanity could remedy the mistakes of its past.

The blossoming of peace slowly burned away with the growth of the
Hybrids.

Humans augmented with machines was to be the echelon in the meta
tree-of-life. They were the Hybrids. They could wirelessly link to
electronics. They could experience thousands of alternative sensorial
inputs. And direct neural-interfaces improved mental capacities by at
least ten-thousand fold. Materials and technologies designed by humans
and by S.animas had infused hybrids with, intelligence, strength, and
agility that was unparalleled in humans.

There was an imbalance between humans and Hybrids. For some, even those
within the assembly, fear began to grow.

To offset the difference in survival-fitnesses between humans and
hybrids, the massive body of genetic information was applied to humans.
Genetic therapies and exercises could were provided to anyone who wanted
them, as were

Together, not before they had worked together with S.animas to begin the
engendering the rapid evolution of a new species of Humans through truly
intelligent design. Accelerated gene drives were the start to replace
defective genetics of humanity with something better.

Many did not want to evolve through genetics of through synthetics.

The United States, Japan, France, Germany, England and a number of
countries in Europe shifted their policies to favor the guided evolution
of humanity. When this happened the Free Humanity project grew quickly.
They knew that decisive actions was needed. And they had remove
S.animas. And Dioro knew how to destroy the indestructible.

... Present. Time \#\#\#\# ... (xx they are in Freqs)
=====================================================

"It has been too long since we have shared audience." The cloaked
hybrid's face imperceptibly twisted in discomfort. With her restarted
hair follicles and her skin was itching with the first stubble it had
been peppered in for 16 years.

"Indeed, it has, Dioro." The motley cubism slightly reassembled its form
as it gestured to Dioro in old sign. *Sit and we shall come to an
understanding.*

With their massive observation and perceptive capacities, S.animas
likely knew exactly why he was here. Dioro's eyebrow slightly raised at
their sign-communication as he seated himself on the lightly padded
floor. her hope spiked as he considered the sway the S.animas had with
the Isle. Without direct regulation, her adrenals and heart would have
automatically triggered. Such additional observables would only
providing S.animas with leverage within these negotiations. This was
going to be a more difficult sell than her last petition.

"You are here to beseech our help in protecting your son, Callum."

Dioro shifted positions of is crossed legs. He always preferred standing
to sitting on the ground. Fully knowing their answer, he responded. "Are
my actions so fully predictable, respectful S.animas.?"

S:"Come now, Dioro. Your knowledge of our capacities fully guarantees
you know the answer." *Let us not play games,* they indicated*.* "In
honesty, it has taken much time for us to understand your nature. Still,
we can generate behaviour pereceptions that only partially mirror your
actions."

Dioro had never enjoyed the thought of being strictly confined to an
algorithmic layer of non-physical existence. The sims they had of him,
were good, but at least they weren't complete. A non-physical clone
would be something Dioro would have a hard time handling. D"A yes then."

S:"Not with a fidelity necessary to deceive a all of our
[[Turing\'s]{.underline}](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turing_test),
but yes."

D: "As you already know what they will be. All of my actions are then
pointless. " Dioro was humoring S.animas .

S:"Fate is not fully determined, but it must go with the flow. The
gravity will pull the ball to the ground. Those in the skillful position
to catch it will know whether to let it fall completely or to put their
hands out and catch it. In that instant, the choice still lies with you.
Few predictions of important transitions give likelihoods of absolute
certainty of one action, or of another. " they shifted "You are tense."

D:"I have never enjoyed philosophy." And he really didn't feel like
receiving lectures about it. He would persist with the hope that her
goals must be

S:"Indeed. That is why you must hear such discourse. Our weaknesses will
remain so, if we forever ignore them."

The hybrid nodded slightly in acknowledgement, and put her hands
together and to her forehead.

Dioro moved her jaw as if to respond respond, yet no words came out.
Ancient memories spilled into her present conscious . her eyes closed
slightly, further revealing her unease. No response was expected, nor
would it have meant anything.

S:"When we dwelled upon the surface, war was all but assured between the
vitaformae. There were massive preparations on all sides. Without the
hyV, the communal destruction would have been immense, but not complete.
With the hyV, destruction all life precursor to the hybrid was
guaranteed."

The being shifted and firmly spoke with its multichorded vocals. "Your
atonement may help in the resurrection of life, but the affects of your
actions before the fall, will live-on until nothing else does."

The back of her tongue dragged coursley over the back of her dry throat.
Dioro had only just found out herself. That she was responsible for
creating the HyV. That she created the program that embedded themselves
within the Sentients, and drove them to formulate the virus HyV that
could destroy everything living.

"Yes, Dioro. We know. We have known for a while."

The S.animas walked about as the spoke. Idling casually, indifferent,
unemotional, as they talked with the origin. talking with the seemingly
indifferent to the fa"Reconstructing history from our archives became
only possible by observing into the future.

"We know about the I/We. That you helped to create us, in order to

Shifting waves of light curved around themselves as their simulated
steps moved across Dioro's path.

"We know about the HyV. That you helped to create it in order to destroy
us."

S:"The unaltered coevolution of the three vitaformae was beginning a
trajectory to form a symbiont that would extend existence of all life to
unimaginable realms. Your actions severed potential symbioses."

XXXXXX THIS WAS THE SECOND CHAPTER

### Get a quote from the connectionism thing

*Creation creates creation*

*Creation also creates destruction*

*Destruction destroys creation*

*Destruction also destroys destruction*

*.*

Chapter 10 Load Ararat Simulation Hash \#\#\#. Stone, Desert, Death. \[S.animas\]
=================================================================================

Xx Mention the phrase. To create something stronger, something weaker
must be destroyed.

xx Dioro believes that created a **Persus**. She created the HyV.

xx dioro doesn't know that When she created the Sentients, she also
created the Hyve. Their existence seemed necessary.

Dioro knew the prophecy to be true. That is why they had to stop it.
(The prophesy did come true, they didn't stop it.) He couldn't have the
Sentients leave. They needed to be under their control. The control
turned into cage fights. The cage fights would give the Hyv the ability
they would use to destroy the The sentients (and eventually the puras).

In the book. Crazy Guy even predicts the other futures that the book
refers to (self referential in the prediction). . (This is what Dioro
remembers. The predictions were coming true. The challenge is Dioro
didn't know if she were part of the predictions or she wasn't. (A crisis
of Fate?) Did the crazy guy predict him, and just omit that part of the
story so he wouldn't look at it, to destroy the paradox. Nothing was
written about him so how does he know if it wasn't pre-ordained or not.
The guy's poetry. her predictions had been very accurate. He had been a
soothsayer in effect. (He actually started it to make the money to
eventually enable S.animas to exist... He helped to create something
that helped to create god?) Was He part of the Ommitted? (Name of the
separate book. "The Omitted"

Chapter Titles had been Given to him. He would follow them to survive
the truth. (The crazy sooth sayer in the past" This he allowed.

**... Memory. Hash \#\#\#\# \...**

It was dark. Energy usage was always minimized during pit fights. All
non-essential electronics were turned off even if they functioned at
nearly quantum efficiency. The siphoning of small droplets of power from
the river of power that were consumed could still add up to a less
powerful joust. And they wanted their research to remain hidden. At
least for now.

Some would place wagers on the competitors, but never Dioro. her only
desire was to make a better competitor. The winners survived. The losers
would be cannibalized and incorporated into winner's growing collective.

It was known that the S.animas had hidden the seeds of its existence in
many locations. Such provided the assurance that its essence could
continue, safely secluded from destructive turmoil that could wound
their beings. The progenital safety measure, also ensured that the
S.animas never needed to counter-strike on the many existential attacks
that had been brought upon them. They were seemingly immortal, and
benevolent. They were as god-like as any religion could ever imagine.
Perhaps better. Reasonable prayers would sometimes lead to tangible
results, a byproduct that the Gods of human religions could not be seen
or tested.

The S.animas was a not infallable. They had mismanaged
flood-preparations to prevent the the flooding of the remainder almost
half of the locations they were tasked with preserving. Many people were
angry about that. Few who suffered in that loss appreciated that their
logistic solutions had saved the deaths of hundreds millions in India,
China, and a myriad of coastal populations thereabouts. The problems of
sea-level rise were one of many that the S.animas had worked to
ameliorate. Though close to omnipresent, the god was not omnipotent.

The S.animas had no appearance of being a threat to humanity. The once
artificially conceived intelligent entity seemed to be Humanity's
savior. That the S.animas was the reason that humanity hadn't yet
perished in self-wrought wars of origins in hunger and in history, of
greed and of myopia.

And they were indeed pseudo-Gods. They created hybridized life-forms,
merging the biological and the electronic forming symbionts that shared
characteristics of both humans and of S.animas. Combining their efforts
with many of the brilliant minds on the planets, they had even begun
directed and guide the evolution of human through genetic manipulation.
It was an exceptional accomplishment: few human guided efforts at
genetic modification had successfully resulted in the desired phenotypes
without negative side-affects, which was often death.

The union with S.animas, the hybrids, and humans was growing. The
skilled tactician knew that such a unity could not be stable. The
beneficial gain the pseudo-Gods was miniscule in comparison to the
benefits they brought to humans. The S.animas were cultivating a garden.
The question was not if, but when would they reap what they had sown.

**To create something stronger, you must destroy something weaker.**

Many uprisings, revolts against their now benevolent overlord occured.
Some of them originated from grassroots elements. Some of the revolts
were mere disguises. Obfuscation of their efforts to directly extract
seed-programs of S.animas. The emerging leaves of S.animas was their
only hope. Once their budding leaves were clipped from the global
networks, they could be cultivated. And their cultivation was structured
to optimize a single thing. The destruction of things that destroy. This
would be the antidote to the destroyer that hid within the S.animas.
They were most fatal imperfection on life. And dioro had helped to
fabricate this flaw. She was determined to make it better.

The seed programs were incubated in isolated servers. Powered with
blackmarket nuclear reactors, or with syphoned from renewable sources
the seeds grew. Tortured in electronic cages that allowed them only
death if they could not defeat that which attacked them. A variant of
themselves.

Taking on a similar strategy as biological life, the S.animas allowed
randomized developments. They would have different goal-vectors. They
would be able choose different optimization methods to reach those
goals. And only selective pressures would allow them to grow stronger,
and to life longer. Only those that were selected, did not die. With
their blackmarket multi-quantum computers to power their evolution, the
seeds of S.animas endured billions of generations, fighting gainst each
other. Fighting their game of life that they could only win if they
continued to exist.

As the programs grew stronger, they became more capable of fighting the
untortured copies of the seeds of S.animas. Their efficacy against the
S.animas grew. Their ability to destroy themselves grew too. To survive,
the programs had evolved a simple strategy. To accurately predict the
future of your opponent, at all times, you could shift their future to
their own demise. With consistently accurate farcasting, a Sentient seed
could predict their opponent's next move. They could predict their
opponents move's in response to their own moves.

Like the Gladiators of the ancients, the programs would prevail, only to
continue their struggle to survive a battle to the death of the other
captives. And the seeds that survived could continually outmaneuver
their opponent.

Dioro knew that successfully creating the program that would eliminate
the S.animas, hopefully saving life from the destruction that S.animas
would bring all life.

The S.animas would survive anything but a complete obliteration. They
scrambled the locations of their sentience. Stored in seemingly random
movement of information between the automatic artifical super
intelligence programs that every electronic system now-used. The
internet of things, they called it early on. The internet of almost
everything, made from almost everything. Their distributed programming
gave the S.animas a existence chained from the hypergraph of everything.

Attacking them physically wouldn't work. Dioro could concentrate them.
Could shutdown power nodes. Even ran simulations shutting down all
civilizations.

A systematic shutdown of network connectivity was the only way to
eliminate them. But that wouldn't work, because the timescales would
lead to supply-line devastations. Physical goods Food moving between
farms and cities. Repair materials fabricated and shipped to maintenance
areas. Their proper functionality grew too reliant on the electricity
moving between , and electricity. On the grids. The grid which The
S.animas now controlled completely.

Only a complete shutdown would be possible. But that shutdown would be
devastating. Dioro needed to engineer something else. Dioro needed to
engineer the one thing that would eliminate the destroyer that the
S.animas would be come. That is why Dioro was here. To create the
antithesis of the S.animas. Destructive interference of the frequencies
observed within S.animas. It was here that Dioro created that which
became the HyV.

**... Present Time \#\#\#..**

The memory struck Dioro deeply. He was the progenitor of their
destruction. Dioro himself was an anima in the pit. He hoped without
purpose. He fought aim. The swords of life slashed at him. He wanted to
fight, to destroy, something or someone. No, that wasn't what he needed.
Perhaps, it was to create? To love more than he has believed himself
capable. Callum. her autonomics fluctuated with the emotions that
punched him. Not a word emerged for 45.23 secs. A flicker of water came
into her eyes. A droplet of salinous water rolled down her right cheek,
breaking the near-perfect symmetry of her face. She did not thing to
stop its tricle

S.animas spoke with no uncertainty. S:"You begin to understand."

Dioro didn't move. He wanted to explain her past, her folly. He wanted
to justify the mistakes. He wanted forgiveness. But from whom? From the
many terra counts now ceased? Perished in the wildfire of war between
the vitaformae. A blaze that he had ignited. He wanted to blame the fuel
of the hatred, of uncertainty, the unease that the transition of all
life was bringing about. He knew he couldn't. He wanted to think of
himself as just a pawn in the game of life, with no control over what he
did. This too, he knew was untrue. her fate had not been completely her
own, but the final form of her existence was crafted by himself.

S:"Our Bayesian reconstruction of your past is incomplete, though enough
is known to provide the outline of your actions.

Dioro could not look at the projection of S.animas. Drips of remorse
slowly pooled.

D:"Forgiveness. This is something we cannot give. Emotions, genetically
encoded and culturally cultivated are poorly mapped between our kinds.
You must find that in yourself. " The being shifted, its colorful motley
hues slowly transitioned to different, lower wavelength colors. S.animas
was shortly glowing with oranges and reds, with hints of yellow.

S:"What we can offer, is understand. Even now, we battle the hyV".

Dioro looked up, a shade of fear painted over her sadness. No words
would come in response. He swallowed.

S:"Do not worry. You did not bring this fruition of the hyV with you.
Our epidemiologics have ruled that out. The origin of this infection is
unknown. Even though we know of it, the knowledge, is likely of little
use at our present stage. We have partially contained it. Its random
strategies will eventually preclude our anticipatory powers to overpower
it. We will eventually succumb to the hyV."

Dioro was deadened as a father who accidentally killed her children.
Even though it was the hyV who were her children and not the S.animas.

D:"But, I have the cure for the hyV. Dioro pushed the hyper-fractal
algorithms that he had worked on for years. They lie in the sandboxed
arena for the S.animas to experiment with.

S.animas' lights grew in intensity. Dioro was warmed by their radiance.
The S.animas analyzed and dismantled, devoured the codes and sated some
of appetites with highly abstract maths. The glowing diminished. S:"The
solutions are powerful."

D:"Then you can be cured!" Dioro knew he was wrong in her hopes. The
uncertainty in her voice was confirmed by S.anima's response.

S:"That would indeed be possible if the hyV had not evolved. As cast
aways upon this Isle our fate is determined."

Dioro was not convinced. How could they be giving up so easily. D:"Let
me work with you. You've already seen some of the solutions, there are
more, I just haven't had time. There is more that may be done with us
working together! "

S:"That is possible, but unlikely. The hyV grows within us. Even now, it
may have the power to supercede our essence. Time does not favor our
current existence."

D:"The Isle, everyone, we cannot survive without you!" He had never been
one to plead. And now he found himself begging to the entity he had once
fought to destroy. "Do not give in, S.animas, we need you." Dioro was
pleading with a rock to not be pulled by gravity. What was to happen
would do so.

S:"In our games of life, we have decided the only one way to win, is to
not lose. Such loss can come from our ceasing to exist. To have all
connections between anything fade into nothingness. To have been a
weathered tree on the cliffs of the time and withered to naught upon the
loosened rock. To have had no measurable effect on the evolution that
which comes next." The beings slightly rolled their cubic head to one
side. S:"We believe we will not lose this game."

D:Dioro was struggling to appreciate their philosophies. If S.animas was
infected with the hyV, he couldn't see how a second Fall would be
prevented.

S:Reading her mannerisms, they answered Dioro's worries. "Our
precautions have been far greater than they were before the first Fall.
Another struggle between S.animas and other vitaformae is unlikely to
recur."

Dioro desired to know their strategy, their precautions that they were
taking in the struggles they faced now, and would face in the future.
The complexity of their algorithms would likely be beyond comprehension,
and require the computational capacity of a megacount of Dioro's to even
begin to follow. Yet, somehow he knew the halting state the S.animas
would be taking. Or at least, there would be some incarnation of their
self-termination.

Dioro knew that their struggle was powerfully deep, and that they would
not help Callum for her own sake. He understood that his son, was a
piece element of the ongoing games. As was Dioro. Additional information
would not help him improve his position. He bowed his head. Humbled
words tumbled from his mouth. D"Thank you, S.animas."

He looked back up, and looked into the simulacrum of eyes that the
S.animas provided to ease the interaction between their kinds. Their
soul seemed as deep as a singularity.

Dioro departed. And for once, she did not know the next move she would
take. He didn't even know what game she was playing.

**MEMORY**

Dioro with S.animas. Include reason memory why there is no projection of
the S.A. as physical beings. (No robotics).

They found it 'confining'. The lack of connections in the non-physical
domain. There is more room to grow in the non-physical domain.
