Chapter 17xxxxx Callum's Refmatting. 
=====================================

#### Chiana saves Callum from Refactoring too late, and partially resurrects him

Chiana REscues him. But he has been refactored. Too late. She carries
his lifeless body before it is repopulated with another programming.
***Chiana has the power to resurrect him:*** Her blood is inside his!
They are completely connected. But it is a one way connection. S.animas
doesn't revive it is Chiana w/ S.animas help.

Chiana drags callum to the S.animas to help repair him. She can... she
has a full-life backup of his existence. S.animas wakes Callum up.
S.animas tells both of them the fact that the s.animas fucked up, and
miscalculated. Gives them an energy Cube.

S.animas restores callum

#### Callum and Chiana with S.animas. 

xx"There are two more pieces of importance, Chiana." The assemblage of
multicolored cubics extended a hand."Firstly, Your friend needs this.
Please take it to him." The hand re-assembled into a slightly larger
cube glowing a constant yellow-gold. A skepticism came about her face as
she held out her hand. The object was heavy lay on her palm. She had
never seen cuboid separate from the S.animas. *Why would Callum need
this?*

Chiana began to respond for clarification. S.animas spoke before she
could begin her.

S:"Furthermore, Callum was involved in the shield explosion."

Chiana jerked to her feet in concern..

S:"He will recover from his injuries."

Chiana's inside xx, and didn't know how to respond. The newscast clouds
upon her consciousness. Instead of answering she quickly began the
ritual of shedding her derma-lace. It was much more difficult than
usual.

Callum is groggy/not fully awakened.

She asks "What is going on?"

" A continual war between creation and destruction.

"Who is the deathform?" Chiana asked.

"You already know."

An annoyed anger sparked within her as Chian drove into answering the
question by herself. An ember caught, burning into the firewalls
surrounding her awareness. The information no longer felt like searing
agony to retrieve. She penetrated the clues within her memories. She
looked to the ground with knowledge of the culprit. A high probability
truth of reality emerged from her biocognition and pushed the words out
of her mouth,

"Really?"

Silence.

Chiana's eyes squinted. Her mind veiled the possibility that the
S.animas had already simulated everything from their interaction, she
could only think to do one thing. Painful words willed their way from
her mouth.

"How could you..." her head shook in disbelief "Why?"

"Your answer may be correct, but your information is incomplete. Would
you like to know what happened."

"How could I trust that this information was not just manufactured,
simulated by you?\"

"There is no answer I can give to you, that you would like. So I will
not answer. I will let the truth answer for you."

Clarity evaporated the fog of the present from Chiana. "If I am
simulated, this is already known. My response, right now, is already
determined. Whatever I am doing, is already known. Yet I still respond,
despite this possibility. If I were simulated, and knew that I were
simulated then I would choose to do nothing. I would Null my existence.
Because it does not matter. My efforts would no longer push to do
anything. If I were simulated, and did not know that I were simulated.
You are telling me that I may be simulated. You are also telling me that
that I need to act to save the Isle. To save YOU. Both of these suggest
that the Nulling of my own existence would be negative to your
existence. If you are a program, a being that is simulating us, then is
it possible that the simulations that you run are part of your own
survival. Does it mean the survival of your simulations, is the survival
of you? "

The billions of pushes, and pulls, straining the multiply enhanced
connections within her mind. A chained fermata struck silence before
Chiana spoke.

"You say that I need to do this, that I need to save the Isle. I will."
If I think that I am a simulation, I am sacrificing my desire to Null,
for you." She shook her head, thinking of the once-disdain for the
religions that discussed the implications of being a simulation. If I
think that I am not a simulation..." Her thoughts shifted.

"You suggest that I obtain additional information. I will. Show me what
you wish to portray as truth."

An even, yet airy tone came from the melange of sounds that summed to
form S.Animas voice. "As you wish."

#### Chiana sees the video of what Callum did. 

#### Chiana still blames S.animas. But she also disowns Callum. Runs away. Chiana, infects the S.animas with the HyV. World crumbling.

You have given us no choice. From the lines of code, we are but wrote in
this chaotic play of absurdities. The writer is you.

The air was dense, dripping. Chiana felt the broken creaks of the isle.

The tendrils of the Isle were fraying. The strain of their imbalance
contorted the frame of Ararat. Chiana's organs twisted inside of her as
her skeleton deformed, The innards held ogether. (just made this so much
more interesting. This is really much closer to multiple islads in the
sky. They are now all dangling. The cords can part and come back
togethera?

The feeling held Chiana still. The nervestorm continued. Her lungs
seemed close to shattering under the weight of a fallen log. The
patterns of pain wove their wropes around the core of Chiana's senses.
They constricted with a flinch. Ararats fram tweaked alightly, twisting
the upper domain's strucutre into the lower domain. Chiana would soon
not endure the pain any longer. The existence of ararat would linger,
even if here presense ceased in their reality.

Ararat would continue

"You may think that it is simple, or even trivial. That is not true. It
is not that simple." "like the axioms of math, your complete existence
will never be found. Your life within, your life without has been
written. By the codes of the amino acids, pecking their blocks to form
chains of more buiding blocks. You have been written by the connections
outide of you, and shaped by the instructions within. That you know that
we have written you, you may now write yourself. Your fate is yours.

The hidden truths surfaced to her mind. "You lie!"

Chiana winced, grabbing to the pain that corded into heer neck and down
their spine. A fibre bundle of Ararat spilled to the ground, its
chinking meallow plastics rupturing with their heat-information
coolants.

"Your future is not set, but it is guided. As you say your futures are
known, but only the immediate futures. Beyond that, your futures through
the turbulent streems of time, taking the trajectories chosen by the
Chaos. But you are no longer guaranteed to die.

Many pathways for your destruction were removed, but not all.

"It is now up to you to write yourself.

In sheer anger at Callum, at S.animas, Chiana hates everything. She
disowns callum. She infects the S.animas. In their weakened state, they
are compromised, the S.animas begins to crumble (fading origami). It is
the Isle begins to crumble.

She escapes a bit, but gets struck.

Solidly. Damage certainly occurred.
